Stop losing your mind over people that don't mind losing you.
You glow different when you have good people with good intentions in your life.
I love spontaneous trips with friends.
I see your attempts to be a better person, and I see the way you're trying to find love within yourself, and I'm proud of you.
A break from someone will either make you realize how much you truly miss/love them or how much peace you have without them.
The best way to appreciate something is to be without it for a while.
Don't turn your back on the person who made sure you were okay when no one else did.
If you're crying more than you're smiling, it isn't love.
People that make you smile on your worst days are so important.
The worst battle I ever fought was between what I knew and what I felt.
I got called crazy for assuming something that turned out to be true.
I want to be a better person, a better friend, a better lover, a better me. JUST BETTER.
Have you ever walked away from a relationship while you were still in love with that person?
It's hard for me to stay away from you.
If you ever meet someone who makes your life flow easier and makes you laugh a lot, keep them, that's all you need.
Your soulmate will come into your life at the perfect time.
The people who are always trying to be there for others generally know how it feels to have nothing and no one.
If I send you ugly selfies, just know that our friendship is real.
Someone's effort is a reflection of their interest in you, don't forget that.
Scary part is, you don't know if you're getting played or if someone is really into you.
I love that friend that you don't see for days, weeks, even months, and the bond is still strong as ever.
When I learn how to say no without feeling bad, it's over for everyone.
I remember when we used to talk every day, I miss that.
I hit the best friend jackpot for sure.
I pray you never get attached to a person who isn't for you.
You are the most unexpected person that came into my life, and now you're a big part of it.
Better days are coming. You won't always wake up in the morning with a heavy heart.
I could be so attached and still leave you alone if you don't treat me right. I want you, I don't need you.
It's okay to be sad about something you thought you had healed from.
Forgiving someone can be easy, but being able to trust them again is a totally different story.
Mention someone that is very important in your life and you wouldn't change them for the world.
Shoutout to the friends that became family.
Unfortunately, people have a right to decline your love no matter how pure your intentions are. You are not what they want, and that is okay.
Be with someone who knows your coffee order.
You're not selfish for wanting to be treated well. Always remember that.
A conversation about how you feel is not supposed to end in an argument.
Idk who needs to hear this, but they were never going to change. You did the right thing by letting them go.
This year I lost, won, failed, cried, laughed, loved, but I didn't fold.
Learn to be okay with the fact that you're not for everyone. You shouldn't even want to be.
Sometimes, a heart can't afford to be "just friends."
Sometimes, all we need is a little talk with someone special in our lives to get rid of all the tension.
Everyone deserves to experience what true love feels like.
Let go of that shit.
Stop holding on to what's holding you back.
Chase after the thing you're most excited about.
There is still time, plenty of time, but there won't always be.
You have to believe that the life you want is possible, and you have to want to chase after it. It won't be easy, but it doesn't have to be easy; it has to be possible, and the thing is — it is possible. - Ronwritings
Dear best friend: just a daily reminder that you are beautiful, and I love you.
I just want someone to pick me up and drive around all night, just listening to music and talking about life.
Do you ever look at someone and just pray that you never lose them?
With or without someone by my side, I'm going to achieve all the goals I have set for myself.
Some stranger somewhere still remembers you because you were kind to them when no one else was.
Real love doesn't meet you at your best. It meets you in your mess.
I'm so bad at letting go and moving on, but once I'm over you, I'm over you forever.
Shoutout to the low-maintenance friends, the ones you don't talk to for months because you're both busy in life, but when you meet up, there's nothing but love.
I will fight for you, but I will never fight over you. If someone else has your attention over me, they can have you.
I always wonder how many times we forgive someone just because we don't want to lose them.
Shoutout to my best friend for always being there for me without fail.
Not my best year, but at least I have learned how to love myself.
May this be your last heartbreak, last ex, and last time you deal with someone who isn't sure about you.
Do you ever miss someone but never let them know because you have this feeling that they are doing just fine without you anyway?
I don't think people realize how much strength it takes to pull yourself out of a dark place mentally, so if you have done that today or any day, I'm proud of you.
When you really find someone who accepts you the way you are, that's home.
I hope my friends heal from things they don't talk to me about.
Dear best friend, if you ever feel bad, call me. I promise to sing for you, then you can decide what's worse.
When your intentions are pure, you don't lose anyone; they lose you.
Mention someone you don't want to lose in 2021, 2022, 2023, and never, ever because you love them so much.
Knowing when to leave is important. The job. The party. The relationship.
If we're done, we're done. Don't text me because I'll text you back.
Better off single with high standards than in a relationship settling for less.
I'm happy, hurting, and healing at the same time. Don't ask me how.
People that can make you smile on your bad days are so important.
Someone being patient with you is one of the softest forms of love.
Friends that understand your anti-social phases and don't take them personally are important.
Mention someone you're thankful for.
The best thing that I ever did for myself was stop chasing someone that was okay with losing me.
Me shutting down is far worse than me blowing up, I promise.
I need one of those long hugs where you kind of forget whatever else is happening around you for a minute.
We all broke rules for someone, and in the end, they broke us too.
Do you ever just miss laughing with a certain person?
Bad communication ends a lot of good things.
Sometimes, the ones who aren't your type are the ones who change your life.
I hope you heal from the things that no one ever apologized for.
I'm shy at first and then boom, possibly the most annoying person you've ever met.
I don't trust words; I trust vibes. People can tell you anything, but a vibe tells you everything.
I think we'll be friends forever because we're too lazy to find new friends.
My stalking skills surprise me sometimes too.
Strong people never give up. They might need a coffee, a cry, or a day in bed, but always come back stronger.
CEO of disappearing and ignoring people when I'm not in the mood.
If you have at least one person genuinely supporting you, you're blessed.
Have you ever got played by someone that wanted you first?
A strong friendship doesn't need daily conversations.
You know you miss that person, but you still deserve better.
Don't ever beg for a friendship or relationship with anyone. If you don't receive the same efforts you give out...lose that contact.
Have you ever tried doing your best, but still end up being unappreciated?
Mood: move to another city and start over.
Find someone who still knows how to talk to you when they're angry. Someone who respects you in all mind states.
My favorite person may not be perfect, but they are still the best.
Does the person you want, want you?
Mention someone who has been with you in your hard times, and thank them.
Nothing as beautiful as seeing someone who has been unlucky in relationships finally being loved effortlessly by the right person.
I take my friendships and relationships seriously, so please don't disrespect my loyalty.
I am 101% in love with you.
Soon, you will receive what you prayed for.
Have you ever met someone that was sunshine in human form?
Dear old me, you've changed a lot and I'm proud of you for that.
Do you ever need a ten-minute hug but only from a specific person?
First, know your worth. Second, control your emotions. Third, never settle.
Shoutout to everyone who had to get over someone they never technically dated.
I want to be someone's favorite person to talk to.
People that start crying while expressing their feelings are the most innocent people on earth. So never hurt them.
A person can have good qualities and still be toxic for you.
Why did you stop liking someone?
Mention someone that you are comfortable with telling you're not okay.
Some hugs are worth waiting for.
Don't worry, the right ones won't leave.
Missing someone's scent and voice is a different feeling.
Don't ever forget who loved you when you were too busy not loving yourself.
If you lied to me and I find out the truth, I will never look at you the same.
We're all weak for someone.
Having one person in your life that you can go to for anything without judgment is the best thing ever.
Clingy but mature partner, I want that.
Some people are so rare, not even talking about looks. They're just pure and good-hearted.
In the mood for good convos under beautiful skies.
Do you ever miss your own energy? Like damn, what happened to me.
Hanging out with myself is such a vibe. Just me and my music.
Never miss an opportunity to tell someone how much they mean to you.
You can be a good person with a kind heart and still tell people to get lost when needed.
Remember if they wanted you, you wouldn't be single right now, so just move on.
Mention your favorite person and remind them how beautiful they are and how much they mean to you.
You ever get jealous over something you have no right to be jealous over, so you just sit there like...ok?
You can't heal if you keep pretending that you're not hurt.
I'm no longer dating. If you're interested in me, I need a 500-word essay on how you will not waste my time.
Real talk, are you okay? Vent below if needed.
Stop being so available for the person that always puts you last.
A big thank you to the people in my life who make me smile, support me, and bring me joy.
Have you ever noticed that sometimes when you stop making efforts, a relationship or friendship ends? It is because it was never two-sided, it was just you, alone.
Normalize "I am willing to work on that" instead of "that's just how I am."
Mention someone that is very hardworking and you wish them nothing but success.
One day, you'll meet the reason why you didn't settle.
That risk that you're afraid to take might change your life.
Being understood without having to explain yourself is the best kind of feeling.
Who helped you when you were at your worst?
If you give me a long hug, I might start crying.
If your gf/bf/bff needs reassurance on how you feel, just give it to them. We all go through things and it's nice to feel wanted.
What is the biggest "what if" on your mind?
You deserve to be loved and chosen. Not almost loved or almost chosen.
The older I get, the more I realize I don't want to be around drama, conflict, or stress. I just want a cozy home, good food, and to be surrounded by happy people.
Who makes you feel loved, even when you don't feel lovable?
Have you ever called someone to calm you down, but they end up making you mad too?
I hope I marry someone who understands how important little things are. Folding clothes when I am exhausted. Washing the dishes after I cook. Sending me flowers when I am having a bad day. It's the little things that show true appreciation.
You will be happy again, you will be more yourself than ever, you will understand your heart better when you heal, but you will be okay.
Some people mess up something good, by looking for something better, just to end up with something worse.
Missing someone you can't talk to is painful.
What are you overthinking right now?
Having a supportive partner can change everything.
I lose interest faster than I catch feelings.
Mention someone that you want to go stargazing with and talk about life.
Best friend is the best thing ever.
Some relationships inspire me to be single.
I think the only reason people hold onto memories so tight is because memories are the things that don't change when everyone else does.
Anyone can want you, but the love hits different when someone actually values you.
You're the kind of soul anyone would be lucky to be with and you don't even know it. The great ones never do.
Mention a friend that has been with you in your hard times and thank them.
Siblings are proof that you can dislike someone but still love them.
One day you will find someone that chooses you and continues to choose you every day, and that's when you will be thankful everything happened the way it did.
Kinda wanna date someone but kinda never wanna risk getting my heart broken again, do you see my dilemma.
Yeah, breakups hurt, but have you ever had friends make plans without you?
I don't regret a single moment spent believing you were right for me.
Mention the most beautiful person you know.
I hate being suspicious about things, but damn that gut feeling is always right.
Anything is possible when you have the right people there to support you.
Arguing over texts is possibly the worst kind of stress.
It's so attractive when someone pays attention to the little details of you.
How many chances do you give before you cut someone off?
Stuck between wanting to do everything at once or nothing at all.
I don't mind struggling with you, but I will be damned if I am struggling because of you.
Please love me more on my bad days.
Be with someone who's in the mood for you every day.
Blessed to have a best friend that knows me better than anybody else and has gone through hell and back with me and is still here.
You're not reading this by accident. This is your confirmation that everything is going to be alright.
Imagine being ghosted by the person who started the conversation first.
Before I give up on anyone, I try and try until I no longer can try anymore.
It sucks when the only person who can make you feel better is also the reason you always cry.
I'd rather see a person happy without me than unhappy dealing with me.
That move you're scared to make just might be the one.
Thank you for staying by my side even though I tried to push you away.
I missed you until I realized there was never really anything to miss but the peace I felt before I knew you.
The best relationships are the ones where you help each other grow.
Taking risks is better than regretting.
You are my favorite notification.
Do you automatically go silent when you hear something that hurts your feelings?
Texting the same person all day and night and never getting bored, just because you like them that much.
Scary part is that you don't know if you're getting played or if they are really into you.
Just because we're not talking, doesn't mean I don't miss you.
If you could give advice to your younger self, what would you say?
When you're trying to have a healthy relationship but you're an overthinker.
Anyone else just want to turn off their phone and look up at the night sky, and talk endlessly about life and other stuff?
You're scared of losing people, but is anyone scared of losing you?
You deserve someone who will love the best and worst of you.
Have you ever sacrificed sleep just to talk with someone? Where are they now?
It is peaceful when you're not interested in anyone anymore.
I know when I'm being lied to or someone is hiding something from me. I can feel it in my soul.
This attitude came from pain, I wasn't always like this.
Are you still waiting for something that you already know is impossible of happening?
I never changed, I just see things differently now.
Having someone whom you can rant to about anything is so important.
When you really want that person back but you know it won't work anymore.
You're too good for someone who isn't sure about you.
Some friends are really on that family level.
Sometimes we don't need advice, we just need someone to listen.
To my real friends, I love you.
I lost someone who didn't care, but you lost someone that did.
Current mood: I just wanna hug my pillow and sleep.
I may look strong, but believe me, I'm tired.
When trust is broken, sorry means nothing.
You're important to me, stop overthinking.
I wanna cry on your shoulder and tell you how much I'm trying.
Sitting alone and enjoying your own company is better than being surrounded by fake people.
We all deserve someone who never stops trying.
I wish I could hug you right now.
Sometimes you don't realize how terrible someone treated you until you're explaining it to someone else.
Not to be over-dramatic or anything but I really wouldn't mind loving you for the rest of my life.
You're not afraid of new love. You're afraid of old pain.
I love the unexpected friendships that I have made.
Having someone in your life who pushes you to do better is important.
The move that you're afraid to make could be the one that changes everything.
Sometimes all you need is your best friend.
Drop the best advice you've ever heard.
I have never seen two calm best friends before; one of them always has anger issues.
I'm okay and not okay at the same time.
80% of arguments start because someone hasn't eaten yet.
Congratulations to those who found partners with pure intentions.
How you are treated is more important than how much you like someone.
Mention someone who has always been there for you in your ups and downs.
Childhood best friends who make it to adulthood are so important.
Some people aren't speaking to you because they owe you an apology.
I pray September is full of good news and blessings.
My soul is on a budget. I can't afford stress, envy, negative vibes, doubt, or deceit.
What am I supposed to get my best friend for Christmas? They already have me.
I can't control my facial expressions. If you irritate me, you will see it immediately.
Don't know who needs to hear this, but here is your friendly reminder to never settle.
If you have to question how much they value you, there's your answer.
I miss me. I haven't been myself lately.
But do they love you harder on the days you're struggling and feel unlovable?
Congratulations on your break up. You saved yourself.
What insecurity of yours holds you back the most?
My stalking skills surprise me sometimes.
Sorry if I have been distant, I'm just struggling a lot with self-love lately.
What are the most painful words someone has ever said to you.
We all have that one friend that every parent trusts.
Be with someone that makes you smile, even when they are not around.
How would you describe your relationship with yourself in one word?
Rule #1: If they ask about it, they know about it. So don't lie.
They call me dramatic without knowing my pain.
What have you tolerated from people in the past that you no longer have space for?
I want someone that loves me and is loud about it. I want loyalty & respect. All that toxic stuff is so played out.
What have the past few weeks taught you?
I don't know what we are, but I miss what we were.
What do you need to forgive yourself for?
Meeting you was a nice accident.
When you click with someone and they have the audacity to live far away.
I still like you, but I'm just tired of trying.
Dear best friend: I'm tagging you here, so you remember that you're not allowed to leave me, not now or ever.
Everyone in my family doesn't talk, they scream.
Cut them off silently, they know exactly what they did.
Tag the most dramatic person you know.
Dear 2021, thank you for showing me the true colors of the people around me.
I pray I don't mishandle what I prayed for.
Listening to someone talk about something they're passionate about makes my heart happy.
People these days would rather lose you than fix the situation at hand.
I knew I was over them when...
My last relationship taught me that you can be the whole package but at the wrong address.
Tag someone that you're thinking of and let them know that you are here for them if they need anything.
I have to keep reminding myself that if you wanted to talk or be with me, you would.
Sooner or later you get over things you swore you'd never get over, and it's the best feeling in the world.
I pray that my best friends will end up with someone who treats them right. I just want them to be genuinely happy.
I love getting cute morning texts like "your order has been shipped."
I shouldn't be jealous; you aren't even mine.
I need a food friend. Every Friday night, we go try a new restaurant.
It's time to start treating people how they treat you.
Hands up if you passed your hardest moments alone while everyone believed you were fine.
I hope you get to be with someone who is a home and an adventure and a soul who calms you and drives you wild.
Tag someone that you find annoying but can't live without them.
Communicating is one thing, but your tone while communicating is everything.
I'm not ignoring you, I'm just waiting to see if you'll make an effort.
I fixed me because sometimes I was the problem.
If we don't talk again, remember I loved you.
You're too good to be someone's secret or second choice.
Stop being so available to a person who always puts you last.
Hard times show you the true colors of the people around you.
Whoever you tag owes you a date night.
Stop thinking everybody is your friend.
Tag someone that you want to watch Halloween movies with.
You think you can hurt my feelings? I'm an over-thinker; I hurt my own feelings.
I love the smell of freshly brewed coffee in the morning and the sound of no one talking to me.
To my favorite person, I just wanna say that it doesn't matter how far we are, I am yours and you are mine.
If it's real, they never give up on you.
You can't compare what you have now to the peak of what it once was.
The only way forward is when you start letting go.
Tag someone that you are proud of.
Amazing how a few words from the right person can mean so much.
Mention the most dramatic person you know.
Some people will lose you because they don't know how to keep something real.
Stop stressing over someone who won't even text to see if you're alright.
Can we all have a moment of silence for all those good hair days when no one important saw you.
People who defend your name when you're not around are the most loyal friends you could ever get.
Everyone has that one person.
I hope you know how much I adore you, even on your worst days.
It's so messed up that I told you exactly what broke me, and you managed to break me even more.
Dating someone that pushes you to do better is important.
Sometimes I'm glad we didn't work out; you really didn't deserve me.
Manipulators be like, "Yes, I hurt you, but now you hate me, so I am the true victim."
Don't settle for temporary pleasures. You're worth more than a late-night text and an uncommitted soul.
If your relationship didn't even last for 3 months, don't call it a relationship. It's an internship.
I have found the person I want to be with forever.
Do you think it is possible that some people are born to give more love than they will ever get in return?
The wrong kind of love will turn you into someone you're not.
I'm not mad because you don't want me; I'm mad because sometimes you act like you do and other days you act like I'm nothing.
I hope you find someone who knows how to love you when you are sad.
Sometimes people need their space. They're not cutting you off; they just need time to breathe and take care of themselves. That has nothing to do with you.
It's okay to let some friendships end.
Take the risk and tag that person you wanna date.
Are they really your best friend if they haven't blocked you at least once?
Imagine meeting someone who has the same mindset and vibe as you.
I need a long deep hug from you.
That friendship that ended was for a good reason. That breakup saved you. That person that left you made you stronger. Trust me, you're good.
Anyway, I'm proud of my best friend.
What if a Sketch Could Lead You to Your Soulmate? A professional psychic artist will draw you a sketch of what your Soulmate looks like. I know it sounds crazy, but you have to check out how real these sketches look, and maybe you can find your Soulmate.
I need 2022 to be the best year of my life.
Never forget how they gave you distance when you needed love.
The right people stay.
You blocked me out of anger, I blocked you for peace. We're not the same.
One conversation could fix so many things. Just by listening and being honest. But people always think you are trying to argue instead of trying to communicate.
It's not always the wrong timing. Sometimes it's the wrong person.
Being my friend is accepting that sometimes I reply in 1 second and sometimes in 30 days.
I just wanna watch the night sky with someone and have deep conversations.
Nobody can piss you off like the person you love. I swear they hit a different type of nerve.
They always come back when you learn to stop needing them.
I miss you, I miss your voice.
I want to marry the person that I didn't have to give a million chances because they appreciated me the first time around.
Eye contact that ends with a smile is the best.
Hurting a good person will always hurt you more.
We are not going back to what broke us.
I don't like it when I receive cold replies from my favorite person.
Kinda rude how it's perfect cuddle weather and I'm not getting any cuddles.
Thank you for staying even if you had every reason to leave. Thank you for making it easier when life gets hard.
It's better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone.
A year changes you a lot.
You deserve to be loved the way you love.
I dare you to tag someone for no reason, just to disturb them.
Ignoring the red flags because you want to see the good in people will cost you later.
You're not asking for too much.
We all need a "text me when you get home," "did you eat," "I'm proud of you" kind of person in our lives.
Having someone who is more excited about you than you are is a blessing.
A calm person is so attractive. A person who doesn't yell when they are upset. Who brings peace and ease instead of anxiety and stress.
One day the word "soon" will be replaced by "finally."
I wish I hugged you tighter the last time I saw you.
Sometimes the right place is a person.
Be proud of how far you've come and never stop pushing to be the best you can be.
Knowing the difference between who to cut off and who to be patient with is everything.
People leave, feelings stay.
One day, I will have everything that I prayed for. I truly believe it.
Have you ever had a breakup without even dating?
They miss you when they lose you.
I had to say goodbye, even though I wanted to hold on.
the truth is — sometimes people just don't have the same intensity as you.
you can meet people who want the same things as you do, but they take too long to convince themselves to go after it.
you end up waiting. and waiting. and waiting. for them to make a decision. and you suffer in the process.
you've decided that you want it. and you want it now. and you're ready to act upon it.
but people don't always have the same heart as you. we often learn this the hard way.
The end result is that you just sit there and you wait for them to decide. Decide if they are ready. Decide if they want you.
And they never do. They are never ready.
You meet these people who feel so "right," but they are in a wrong stage of life, and that is why it will never work out.
We lost each other by waiting for the other to show they still cared.
I just hope one day we find our way back to each other.
Someone out there feels better because you exist.
Kinda tired of being okay with things I'm not okay with.
Tag someone who always gets you no matter what.
Not my best year but at least I've learned to let go.
Stop breaking your own heart pretending people are something they're not.
If someone sticks around and gives you time to change, that's more than love.
Tag someone that you're proud of.
May this be your last heartbreak and the last time you deal with someone who isn't sure about you.
I don't hate you, I hate what you did to me.
A lot can happen by December 31st. Trust the universe. Affirm "Yes."
Since 2021 is about to end, mention the best person you met this year.
Cheers to us who are short-tempered but still manage to be kind to everyone.
You're not too sensitive, and you're not overreacting. If it hurts you, it hurts you.
If your friendship started off unexpectedly, tag that person.
What I have with you, I don't want with anyone else.
Soulmates are friends too, not just lovers.
The best people are always the ones that live far away.
I don't get mad anymore; I just get really quiet. Why keep talking when they are not really hearing you.
Stop holding onto people just because you have history together.
Friendship is getting into their car even though their driving makes you fear for your life.
Truth is that I miss you, but you seem fine without me.
I really pray everyone finds the right circle of friends and the right partner. Life is already hard, relationships should be the least of our worries.
I don't cry over people; I cry over the way I get treated because I don't deserve that.
With 2021 coming to an end soon, tag someone and let them know that you're forever thankful they stuck around when they did.
Sometimes, you expect a lot from someone because you'd do that much for them.
This friendship is the reason I believe in soulmates.
The best feeling in the world is being pulled closer.
I like the friends you don't see for days, weeks, or even months, and the bond is still strong as ever.
I hate the fact that if I don't start the conversation, there won't be one.
I hope you find someone who randomly pulls you in closer late at night and won't let go of you long after the hug is over, and who just genuinely shows you that you're all they really want in this world.
I'm at the stage in my life where I don't wanna be crazy in love anymore. I wanna be calm in love, patient in love, happy in love, and understood in love.
I have trust issues but still end up trusting the wrong people...how?
Your relationship is meant to be your safe haven and happy place, not another battle you have to fight.
I once loved someone so much that I tried to fix them while they were breaking me.
"no idea what I'm doing but f*ck it"
Tag someone and let them know that you guys would look cute together.
It always amazes me how people are placed in our lives at exactly the right time.
Lazy mornings cuddled up with you.
A person in two months can make you feel what a person in two years couldn't. Time means nothing, character does.
Be with someone that is good for your mental health. Someone who brings you inner peace. Someone who challenges your bad habits but supports your process of change.
Since 2021 is almost over, who was there when you were at your lowest?
I cannot control my facial expressions. If you irritate me, you will see it immediately.
Have you ever noticed that sometimes when you stop making efforts, a relationship or friendships ends? It is because it was never two-sided. It was just you, alone.
My best friend is very strange, saying "I miss you a lot" and the next minute just stops responding for 2 weeks.
I love hugging someone, and I love getting hugged. I just feel important whenever someone gives me warm and tight hugs.
Maybe we all just want someone to look at us and say: "you are worth everything."
May our favorite people never turn into strangers.
Do you ever just wonder if there's someone who secretly thinks about you and wants to talk to you, but doesn't know how?
Me and my best friend don't even talk every day, but we both know it's till death do us part.
"What If A Sketch Could Lead You To Your Soulmate? A professional psychic artist will draw you a sketch of what your Soulmate looks like. I know it sounds crazy, but you have to check out how real these sketches are. Mine blew me away. Visit the link in eAwakeningPeople profile to learn more."
I hope your next love is a forever love.
Just because you would do it for them doesn't mean they would do it for you.
It's normal to miss someone when you're alone and lonely. But missing someone when you're busy having fun, that's true affection.
There's no room for unsupportive people or fake love in 2022.
The best revenge is to show them that your life is getting better after they're gone.
As 2021 comes to an end, tag someone who genuinely made your year better.
I want someone that doesn't call someone else when I'm unavailable. Some of y'all really out here trying to fill a void. I don't want that.
Just like that, we never talked again, and it hurts.
I want someone to look at me and say, "Damn, that's all mine," and just be so proud to have me.
That breakup saved you.
It's so attractive when someone is all about you and isn't afraid to show it.
"Disappointed, but not surprised" has been my biggest mood this year.
Someday your screenshots will be useful. Trust the timing.
If they are the right person, something will make you keep holding on, or your paths will cross again in the future.
When I say I won't tell anybody, my best friend doesn't count.
I hate the feeling of holding yourself back from texting or calling someone when that's all you want to do.
Thank you for being the one who made me believe in love again.
I don't usually date, but when I do, I date the wrong person.
"No idea what I'm doing but Pog it. One conversation can change your life."
No idea what I'm doing but f*ck it. Everything is okay, but I want so much more than okay.
No idea what I'm doing but f*ck it. Sometimes the best self-care thing you can do for yourself is to not care.
No idea what I'm doing but f*ck it.
I'm so private that even my friends are confused if I'm talking to someone new or the same person.
I can honestly say that this has been the most eye-opening year for me.
Tag someone that you're glad to be going into the new year with.
We all wasted the best versions of ourselves on people who didn't care at all.
I act different around certain people, not because I'm fake, it's because I have different comfort zones around some people. I'm not as open with some people as I am with others.
The relationship hits different when you start off as friends.
Note to self: take more pics in 2022.
Learn to be ok with not being invited, included, or considered.
Nobody gives me butterflies anymore. You all just give me anger issues or trust issues.
I might be a lot to handle, but I'm a lot to lose too.
Long hugs can do so much.
You don't need a lot of friends, just the right ones.
To that friend who has never been tired of listening to my problems. Thank you. I owe you a lot.
Apply for that job. Date that person. Buy that plane ticket. Move to that city. Do all the things that scare you because they're worth it.
The love of your life will be able to make you laugh, even when you're mad.
Those "remember when" conversations hit different when it's with someone you were really close with.
I'm stuck between, I'm too young to be rushing things and I'm too old to be wasting time.
I love seeing people get a good person in their life after a lame one. I'm happy for you.
Removing myself from situations where I don't feel loved, appreciated, and respected is self-care.
I love talking to you, even if I have nothing to say.
When your best friend says they're done but you know they still have 47 more "I'm done" moments until it's really over.
Biggest turn-off: Acting different in public vs. private.
"I'm going to be 10x better 6 months from now. Mentally, physically, spiritually, and financially. Affirm YES."
There's always that one friend who has to go home early like Cinderella.
Just give me a small house next to a lake with a small garden, a dog, and that special person that loves me back.
The person who tagged you in this wants you to know you're strong, beautiful, and can take on anything.
I'm so unpredictably moody. Sending my sincerest apologies to everyone who put up with me.
Best friends are the people that you can do anything and nothing with and still have the best time.
Promise me not to hide yourself when you're in pain. It's unfair that we laughed together but you cried alone.
Whoever you tag has to take you on a date.
Don't talk to me about loyalty, I'm still here holding secrets for people who are throwing dirt on my name.
Who is your go-to person when you feel like your world is falling apart?
It hurts when you find out your bond with someone isn't as solid as you thought.
You can't be friends with those who broke your heart, took advantage of your love, kindness, and forgiveness. They don't deserve access to your life. There is no friendship there.
Finally realized I was never asking for too much, I was just asking the wrong person.
Do you ever hang out with someone for hours and hours and hours, but still miss them the second they leave? Because same.
Take the risk and tag your crush.
Best friends see each other 3 times a year and have no pictures together.
Flirting back when you're bored can really get you into unwanted situations.
Does anyone else feel like they lost a bond with someone last year that they expected to last forever?
I'm a lazy texter unless you're family, my best friend, or I like you.
Have you ever liked someone so much that no one else is attractive to you?
Vibing with someone who has the same goofy energy as you is SO therapeutic.
This energy &gt;&gt; Are you sure you like me? I'm literally obsessed with you.
I'm not scared of commitment. I'm scared of giving my all to someone and ending up with nothing again.
I have the worst habit of overanalyzing everything and putting myself in a bad mood.
I can't wait for the day when I go to bed every night all snuggled up next to the love of my life and get endless love and cuddles.
Be with someone who loves you loudly, publicly, privately, and behind your back.
I am a very forgiving person, so if I stop talking to you, you really went too far.
Don't fall in love just because someone pays a little bit of attention to you.
Adult friendship is saying "let me call you back", hanging up and calling back 3-4 days later, and no one takes it personally.
Have you ever just wanted to have a real, genuine talk with someone about why they did what they did to you?
As you get older, you start to pay more attention to people's mindset, rather than their looks.
Waiting for my bestie to become a millionaire so we can quit our jobs and party, travel, and do nothing all day.
Tag someone who's always been there for you, no questions asked.
Sad story: Your best friend is in a different city.
Sometimes, you just have to wish someone the best and never talk to them again.
My friend circle is now extremely small; it's not even a circle anymore. It's a dot.
I never faked my "I miss you" to someone.
My biggest toxic trait is I know how to love but I don't know how to believe I'm loved.
Do you ever get those random moods where you're not yourself for like a week straight?
I will always be there to irritate you.
The people who come running to hug you after you haven't seen them in a while are my favorite kind of people.
You ever just FaceTime someone and leave them on while you both do other things because having their company feels nice?
A million feelings for one special person.
True friends are family.
I would rather visit 4 countries in two weeks than feed 600 people at my wedding. Affirm Yes.
Single people, what are we doing for Valentine's day?
Blessed to have a best friend that knows me better than anybody else and has gone through a lot with me and is still here.
Having supportive, nontoxic people in your life is such a blessing.
You ever broke up with someone, and all your friends were relieved?
Shoutout to my best friend's parents; thank you for blessing me with your child.
I am literally both of these people:
Wait, did you just flirt with me?
Have been for the past year, but thanks for noticing.
I need one of those hugs where you kinda forget about whatever else is happening around you for a minute.
Does anyone else hate their own attitude sometimes? Like, what are you mad at now?
Me texting my boyfriend vs. me texting my best friend.
Do you and your best friend ever give each other "the look" when someone's being annoying?
We all deserve someone who at the end of the day says: "I missed you so much today."
Tag someone who you want to sit with and talk all night.
A road trip, a vacation, or any type of getaway is definitely a need right now.
Stop imagining fake scenarios and hurting your own feelings.
It's so weird thinking back to when you first met someone and having no idea they would have such a big impact on you.
You really do glow differently when you're loved correctly.
Sometimes home is a person.
I found the person I never want to stop making memories with.
If you love them you'd want what's best for them, even if that isn't you.
We all broke our rules for someone.
Imagine we flirt & then we last forever.
Do you ever hang out with someone for hours and hours and hours, but then still miss them the second they leave? Because same.
There's always that one person who understands you like no one else.
"Are you okay?" No, I miss my best friend.
I actually love it when someone replies to every part of your message instead of only replying to some.
Male best friends are the best because they let you know who is good for you and who is not, and they also teach you all the game.
You're my mess, and I can handle you all day.
You ever need a 10-minute hug but only from a specific person?
The pain of marrying the wrong person is worse than your present fear of not getting married before 30. Take note of this.
I lose interest so quick, one wrong move, and I don't want to talk to you again.
Someone said "just because you love me, doesn't mean I feel loved by you." I felt that.
The people who come running to hug you after not seeing them in a while will always be my favorite kind of people.
Shutting down instead of communicating is just as toxic as arguing.
Having someone you can open up to without being judged is such a blessing.
Maybe home is nothing but two arms holding you tight when you're at your worst.
I love remembering all the dumb stuff we've done together and thinking "that's why we're best friends."
To my favorite person if you see this, I love & miss you.
Friends that understand your talkative and quiet phases without taking anything personally.
A simple "my bad, you're right, I can see why you would feel that way" could go a long way.
Guy best friends are so much more dramatic than girl best friends.
"I don't care about an argument, I'll still be here tomorrow, for you." And that's the type of love we should strive for.
You ever crave someone's presence? Like you would literally be happy sitting next to them in silence.
Me: "I need to start saving money." Me when I get paid:
You're the kind of soul anyone would be lucky to be with. You just don't even know it. The great ones never do.
Snapchat memories hit hard, especially when life is so different now.
Soulmates are friends too, not just lovers. Affirm Yes.
I pray my favorite people will end up with someone who treats them right. I just want them to be genuinely happy.
You ever meet someone, and the two of you just click? No awkward stage, no anxiety, they just radiate good vibes. Yeah, that's the best.
When you see a comma in your bank account:
My next relationship, I'm not putting cute contact names, I'm going to put "we'll see."
Single but I ignore everyone like I'm taken.
Besties: "I already told you this story, haven't I?" "I think so, but I forgot what happened."
Even my friends are confused about my relationship status.
A friend that buys you food is a friend for life.
When your friend takes a bad picture of you, delete it.
I think we all need to go out into an empty field and just scream for about an hour.
Being called by your own real name in a relationship kinda sounds like divorce.
Friendship goals: People always think if you want to hang out you have to DO something. Like... No. Invite me over to your house, introduce me to your pets, give me a plate of Oreos and your Wi-Fi password. We can sit together in silence for HOURS.
It's actually really sweet when someone stays up late just to talk with you.
Maybe you're single because you're too perfect, and everyone is scared of being rejected by you.
I have 2 best friends that I go to for advice, one rationalizes and uses logic, the other one hypes me up to do dumb stuff. That's balance.
You ever tried to make someone suffer by not texting them, and you suffer more?
I swear my best friend makes my life 100x better.
We are best friends. Always remember that when you fall, I will pick you up after I finish laughing.
If you wait for too long, it won't be the same anymore.
A reminder: You are allowed to say no to the things you don't want in your life.
Maybe who you are is all you will ever need to become.
The biggest mistake you can make is to keep waiting when it doesn't change anything.
My life: O single, O taken, @ ignoring everyone else for that one person who ignores me at the end.
I'm the kind of girlfriend that will take random pictures of you just because I admire you so much.
Love the person who tries their best to understand you.
I hope my best friend meets someone who loves her as much as I love her.
You ever look at someone and think "forever would be pretty cool with you"?
Obsessed with sunrise, sunset, flowers, the moon, and you.
Find someone who isn't afraid to admit that they miss you.
There's always that one person that you've had feelings for since the moment you first met them.
If my best friend doesn't like you, then guess what? I don't like you either.
I am a TEXTER. Please do not FaceTime or call me. I will watch the phone ring.
I express my love by being annoying. I'm sorry.
If your laugh is funnier than the joke, we're already friends.
Tag someone that deserves long-lasting happiness.
I love chilling with people that make me forget I have a phone.
I wish I was a cow. Just eating grass in a field, no rent, no job, no stress, just moo.
In the mood to be hugged for an entire day.
I need a "pack your bags, we are going on a trip" text.
Sorry if I act like I don't need you, I wipe my own eyes when I'm at my lowest.
Having a partner that rubs your back and plays with your hair until you fall asleep is a blessing.
A friend is someone who has a picture of you that might ruin your future and reputation. A best friend has a whole album.
Double text me, annoy me, give me your attention. I love that.
Once you find your person, there's no one else you'd ever want.
I wanna have someone to do this with.
Friendship soulmates are 100% a real thing.
Dear long-distance bestie, Sorry for not calling or texting you regularly, but I want you to know that "I really miss you a lot."
Me and my bestie planning a whole vacation knowing damn well we don't have any money.
It's finally the weekend, so I'll either stay home and wish I went out, or go out and wish I stayed home.
A few hours with the right person feels like 3 minutes.
Congratulations to the last person I told I liked, because nobody is hearing that ever again.
The best feeling is when I look at you, and you're already staring.
I wanna make cute memories with you.
Some things are better left unsaid. But you know me, I'm going to say it anyway.
Tag someone who is hard-working and tell them you're proud of them.
I love hearing "I wanna see you" from a person that I wanna see too.
I wanna travel the world with my favorite person.
Get yourself a best friend that will love you even when you don't love yourself, and sticks around even when you make bad decisions.
I have more trips planned than I have money.
It's a win when you have a supportive, non-toxic circle of friends.
To those who watch my life and gossip about it. Don't give up. Season 3 is coming.
If I really care, I'll try like 400 times, but once I'm done, it's over.
I want my whole squad to succeed. Not just me, all of us.
This is what I need right now: "Don't cry. Just come cuddle. Lay your head on my chest. I'll rub your back and give you forehead kisses. I like you, and I don't want you to be sad."
When you meet someone with the same vibe as you.
Current mood: I miss you.
Being hugged when you are crying makes you cry even more.
If I want to hang out with you after a long day at work, just know you're important to me.
It's so attractive when a guy is protective.
Me and my best friend judging someone we both hate.
I have laughed with people who have said the most terrible things about me, and they think I don't know.
One day you will be living the life you prayed for. Affirm yes.
If you don't have friends who would do this with you, then you need new friends: "Call me in 5 say I gotta come get u." "Level 10 get me outta here."
The lack of interest I have in everyone and everything nowadays is insane.
Even after all this time, you still give me butterflies.
Be careful who you push away; real ones don't come back.
If you stop texting, I'll stop texting too. I respect your peace.
I want to hug you after you've had a long day and let you rest your head on my lap.
Here's to the woman I'm going to be this year. May she be well dressed, glowing, and successful. Affirm Yes.
Who's your go-to person when you're falling apart?
Even the shortest conversations with you make me smile.
Dear best friend: I will forever be grateful to have you in my life.
Shoutout to parents who never had much but gave us everything.
I wish you were here, or I was there, or we were together anywhere.
Imagine falling in love and it works out for the rest of your life.
If you are down for random road trips and late-night adventures, then we can be friends.
Due to personal reasons, I need a hug.
I just wanna sit on the beach watching the waves with the one I love.
You fall in love with the little things about someone, like the sound of their laughter and the way their smile forms.
Best friends are hard to find, harder to leave, and impossible to forget.
Stuck between I wanna love someone and I'm better off single.
I love people who can keep the convo going no matter how random the topic gets.
Someone once said: "You know you have a big heart when you feel bad for doing what's best for you." And I felt that.
Sometimes, having coffee with your best friend is all you need.
My boo who is not my boo but could be my boo needs to stop playing.
Me right now because I miss you.
The fact that I have more clothes to sleep in than I do to go out in says a lot about who I am as a person.
Dealing with people who can't accept when they're wrong is the most annoying thing ever.
I love physical affection. Like cuddling, holding hands, having my hair played with. I love it all.
A break from someone will either make you realize how much you truly miss/love them, or how much peace you have without them.
I promise to always be here for you. I'm here for you. I'm not doing well.
Then one day unexpectedly, you meet the one who shows you how you should have been treated all along.
I love when someone returns my efforts; that's so rare.
Time spent with the right person feels like a vacation from the world.
People don't always say "I love you." Sometimes it sounds like: Be safe. Did you eat? Call me when you get home. I made you this.
Stop wasting your 20s trying to find love. Go get rich. Affirm Yes.
Communication isn't just about how you talk; it's about how you listen too.
When you have a heart of gold and pure intentions, you don't lose anyone - they lose you.
May this be your last heartbreak, last ex, and last time you deal with someone who isn't sure about you. Type "YES" to affirm.
If you both want it, it will work.
Once you develop that "it is what it is" mentality, a lot of things stop bothering you.
No one deserves to be labeled by their past, especially those who are trying to be better.
People nowadays would rather lose you than fix the situation at hand.
Having genuine friends is such a blessing. No jealousy, no competing, no gossip, or any other negativity. Just love and good vibes.
I think it's important to realize that you can miss something, but not want it back.
My toxic trait is that I never speak up; I just get mad and distance myself until I'm not mad anymore.
Mention someone that has been with you in your hard times and thank them.
I don't care if I'm selfish. After putting people first for the longest time and being disappointed, I deserve to do whatever makes me feel happy.
Best revenge is showing them your life got better after they left.
Your circle is supposed to be proud, not jealous.
May you attract someone that understands you're a work in progress but still adores the absolute masterpiece that you already are.
If you have a crush on me, just tell me because you literally have no competition.
At the end of the day, it's all about who you wanna own a dog with.
If I could make everything better with a hug, I'd hug you the whole day until it was all okay.
My grandma is 75, and she told me her best friend and her text each other every morning to make sure the other woke up.
Vibing with someone who understands your silence is so therapeutic.
In order to be in a healthy relationship, you have to talk about the things that bother you, even if you agree to disagree.
Have you ever met someone, and at first, it's awkward, but you start talking, and it's like "where have you been my whole life?"
The worst kind of pain is getting hurt by someone you've told and explained your pain to.
Date someone that says things like: "drive safe," "text me when you're home," "let's hang out w your fam," "please be careful," "how was your day," "I'm so proud of you."
A relationship should be 50/50. He drives everywhere, and I look cute in the passenger seat.
My love language is to always support you.
Nobody: Me randomly when I love you.
Friendship is not about who you've known the longest. It's about who walked into your life, said "I'm here for you," and proved it.
Losing touch with friends who you thought would be at your wedding is sad.
Mention someone that has never given up on you and thank them.
May you manifest someone who is actually good for your soul and mental health. Affirm yes.
Plans for the future? Wake up next to you.
Dear friend who lives far away, can you airdrop yourself to me pls? I miss you.
I stay up late every night, regret it every morning, and do it all over again.
Me calling my best friend to tell her I did exactly what she told me not to do.
Honestly, I think the saddest sound ever is the crack in someone's voice when they're on the verge of tears.
Adulting is when you realize all you want is a home, stable job, and a partner to settle down with.
Somebody's going to catch your vibe and love it, be patient.
Dates and quality time is so important to me.
I want a "I made a playlist for you" type of love.
People fall in love. I fall into problems.
Talking to somebody all day will get you attached, that's why I don't text back.
My best friend said "you're the first person I think of when I want to share my happiness" & omg, crying because our energy just matches SO well.
I am a very forgiving person. So if I stop talking to you, you really went too far.
Once upon a time, I was innocent and then I met my best friend.
My loyalty is something you never have to question, whether it's a friendship or a relationship.
I'm that "you can always talk to me about anything and not be judged" type of person.
I'm both clingy and a bully when I'm comfortable with you.
I just want someone to be truly happy over me. Someone happy to see me, happy to hear from me, and happy to know me.
From “replied to your story” to “being part of your story” real quick.
Sometimes talking to your bestie is all the therapy you need. And sometimes you need therapy after talking to your bestie.
Dear future lover, we are buying hardwood floor, and I am going to slide on it in my socks, and you will smile because I'm cute.
Healthy relationships include uncomfortable conversations.
Can I skip to the part of my life where I'm financially stable and sleep next to the love of my life every night?
Small wedding. Big reception. Even bigger honeymoon. That's the mood.
We all have a friend that only gets called by their nickname, and it sounds weird to even say their real name.
I hate that I’m a stress crier, a happy crier & an angry crier. Look, I cry for everything okay.
Google: Q. can you ever stop loving someone? "You never stop loving. Once you love someone honestly, truly, you will never be able to un-love them. You only find someone who will love you more. At that time your old love will not feel so strong, but it is a heart, it will never let you forget something that ever made you happy."
99% of the time all it takes is food and a good hug to make me feel better.
Please let me have this person for the rest of my life.
I don’t have a lot of friends, but I have the best ones.
You deserve a relationship that allows you to sleep peacefully at night.
10 years from now, I want to see myself loving the same person I do today.
Having a best friend whose family considers you an extra child is elite.
Me and my bestie thinking about how to get rich without working.
My love language is to annoy you.
I miss friend dates. Like I just wanna hangout with friends, eat together, and spill tea about our day to day life.
I'm both mature and immature at the same time, just depends on my mood and who I'm with.
Dear best friend, I don't know how to thank you but I'm lucky to have you in my life.
4 how many hugs do you need a day: 8 hugs. Family therapist Virginia Satir once said, "We need four hugs a day for survival. We need 8 hugs a day for maintenance. We need 12 hugs a day for growth."
Sometimes you just gotta wish someone the best and never talk to them again.
It's ok to love them from a distance.
Not all ex's are bad. Look at me, I'm someone's ex and I'm the best.
Real friendship is sending each other posts all day and not replying, but not getting offended because you know they saw it.
The way I care for people makes me wish I had somebody like me in my life.
Dating me is hard, I will be asking for a break every time I get mad.
Deleting pictures is one of the hardest decisions because I'm such a memory keeper.
MOOD: Texting is so boring. I wanna be around you.
To that friend who has never been tired of listening to my problems, thank you. I owe you a lot.
Congratulations to those who found partners with pure intentions. That is rare. I congratulate you.
There's no room for unsupportive family, friends, or fake love in 2022.
I'm very obsessed with space & alone time. So if I wanna spend time with you or talk to you consistently, you're a real one.
One loyal friend can make a difference in your life.
My friend circle might be small, but the people in it mean everything to me.
Remember I'm always here for you. I'm here for you. I'm not doing well.
Explaining your life to that friend you talk to once every two months.
Be patient, somebody will give you the world without you asking.
Dear best friend, I am tagging you here so you remember that you are not allowed to leave me, not now or ever.
The way someone fits you into their schedule says a lot about what they think of you.
Making new friends as an adult is hard because the people I'd get along with the best also don't want to leave their house.
Having someone you can tell every detail of your day to without feeling like you're being clingy or boring is such a great feeling.
There's nothing better than watching your prayers become a reality.
A road trip, vacation, or any type of getaway is a need right now.
I saved your reputation by not telling my side of the story. Stay humble.
I'm so obsessed with my partner. Never in my life have I ever been so sure about anyone. When you know, you know.
I would just like someone that is truly happy over me. Someone happy to see me, happy to hear me from me and happy to know me.
A guy like this: "babe, I don't care if we're completely quiet on the phone, I just like the fact you're there."
I'm constantly torn between "if it's meant to be, it will be" and "if you want it, go and get it."
I love a "you aren't going anywhere until we fix this" type of person.
There are some friends who don't meet for days, weeks, months, and sometimes even for years, but the bond still remains the same.
It's hard to save money when food and clothes are flirting with me.
True friendship is understanding their texts even though it's full of typos.
I hope you understand how much our little talks mean to me.
Unexpected friendships are the best ones.
When you check your messages and your favorite person hasn't replied in 3 hours.
Sometimes, having coffee with your best friend is all the therapy you need.
I miss friend dates. Like I just want to hang out with my friends, eat together, and spill tea about our day-to-day life.
Best friend, I want 2023 to be the best year of your life. You really deserve it.
When you have a lot of love to give but you're not very good at expressing it.
I will never regret someone that I had an amazing time and experience with. Even if we fall off. You made my life special at a certain time. We grew together, even if we grew apart. Thank you.
We're adults & busy. No reason to be in constant contact with you to prove my friendship to you. Just know when & if you need me, I'm here for you.
Imagine mishandling me when I was sent to be a blessing to you.
My friend group might be small but the people in it mean everything to me.
Being loved is the minimum. Make sure you are also being respected, prioritized, supported & understood.
When someone gives you their opinion so you start looking where you asked them for it.
Looking at your best friend and saying, "I will do it if you do it."
Which one hurts more: Seen but no reply, or Unseen but online.
If someone is really into you, you don't have to keep bugging them for a text, call, or to spend time with.
I am a strong person but every once in a while, I wish someone would hold my hand and tell me that everything's going to be ok.
I found the person I can be my truest self with.
I'm so heavy on the "I love you" & "be safe" with the people I care about.
I love you, that means I’m not just here for the pretty parts and the happy days. I’m here for the rough and the bad days. I’m here no matter what.
This is how the universe conspires to help you when you know what you want.
Thank you for being exactly who you are and for offering me a friendship I've wanted and needed my whole life.
Do you ever make a friend and think “I'm so glad this friend is mine.”
Normalize telling your friends you love them. Tell them a lot. Make it weird.
Imagine how much you could have avoided if you knew someone's true intentions from the start.
My best friend will be like “this made me think of you” and then send me the most messed up thing you’ve ever seen in your life.
Never force friendships, relationships or communication. If it's not mutual, let it go.
Imagine raising a mini you with the person you love.
In this busy world, people who try to make you smile by sending memes/reels are the real ones.
Me seeing my fav person for the 1st time: the 6385th time.
I'm not a big fan of phone calls but with the right person, I can literally go on for hours.
Get yourself a best friend that will love you even when you don't love yourself, and that will stick by your side even if you make terrible decisions.
Never stop showing someone how much they mean to you.
Being with someone who makes you believe in love again. Someone who treats you right this time.
I like people who aren't fazed when I'm dramatic, like just let me be, and I will be done in 10 minutes.
There's always that one person that understands you like no one else.
I’m a lazy texter unless you’re a close friend or I love you.
I either keep it all inside or say exactly how I feel with no filter. There is no in between.
Full of love but low on trust.
Adult life is constantly saying to your friends, "Let’s do something soon," and suddenly 6 months have gone by.
To my favorite person, be safe every day. I love you.
I’m either obsessed or not interested at all. There is no in between.
You don’t only live once; you live multiple lives within one.
Master your emotions. A calm mind can handle every storm.
Don't be lazy. Do the work. You won't grow from easy.
You will never lose if you never quit.
There's a big difference between people who are smart and people who get good grades.
Money comes and money goes in life, but time only moves in one direction.
Keep your standards high and don't settle for something because it's available.
Never expect to get back what you give or you will always be disappointed.
Accept people for who they are and not who you want them to be.
The best revenge is no revenge. Improve yourself and forget they exist.
Don’t overthink too much.
Never let anyone get comfortable with disrespecting you.
Be selfish with your time. A lot of people don't deserve it.
Share your progress, not your goals, and you'll always be motivated.
Every second you spend comparing your life to someone else’s is a second spent wasting yours; so stop comparing and create your own definition of success instead.
Smile often. Smile so much others think you exist in a world of optimism and positivity. Because you do.
You grow rich when you seek new experiences, not material things.
Learn to say NO, respect your time & energy. Don’t be so nice that you "yes man" yourself into not having space or time for yourself.
There's a difference between being patient and wasting your time.
You spend your entire life inside your head, make it a nice place to be.
In today's digital-first world, the greatest skill you can leverage is the power of focused attention, and the way to build it is through daily meditation.
You have to believe in yourself before anyone else does. That's the cornerstone upon which real confidence is built.
If you can't find a good person, be one.
Stay curious, question everything, and if you want something, ask for it.
The life you experience is simply a reflection of your mindset.
After certain situations, you just don't feel the same about a person anymore.
My biggest flex is that I've already found my best friend for life.
You should either have a supportive partner or no partner. There's no third option.
If someone can't tell you their flaws, they have a dangerous lack of self-awareness.
The best revenge is getting yourself to a place where you no longer care about revenge.
Just because a relationship has lasted a long time doesn't mean it's working.
Self-respect comes from self-control. You'll never respect yourself if you're a slave to people pleasing and external validation.
Don't let your time and energy leak from social media, overthinking, and meaningless relationships.
If you always think your happiness is somewhere else, it'll never be where you are.
The right person changes everything.
I think it's the best thing when someone's presence automatically puts you in a better mood.
I deserve it. The career. The love. The family. The peace. The life.
True friends are those who meet you at your worst and guide you towards the best.
Advice from a best friend be like "start crying."
A relationship with no gender roles. We both hustle, cook, clean, pay, and spoil each other.
Avoid people who are close with people who dislike you.
A person becomes 10 times more attractive not by their looks but by their acts of kindness, love, respect, honesty, and loyalty they show.
Even on bad terms, loyalty should never change.
When they see you at your worst and still think you're the best, they are your people.
My days feel so weird not talking to you.
Forget a break up, have you ever got ignored by the whole group chat?
Best chapter of my life was meeting the friends I have right now.
Everybody's "grown" till it's time to communicate, apologize, tell the truth or accept accountability without blaming anyone else.
"We'll figure it out together" is a true love language.
That someone you will be there for whenever they need you, someone you will love for the rest of your life.
True friends aren't the ones who make your problems disappear. They are the ones who won't disappear when you're facing problems.
Remember who checks on you when you get a little quiet. Those are your people.
Questions that feel like a hug.
Dear best friend, I'm so excited to see you get married.
Feeling safe in someone's energy is a different type of intimacy. That feeling of space and protection is really underrated.
I will always be here to irritate you.
Be with someone who will take care of you. Not materialistically, but take care of your soul, your well-being, your heart, and everything that's you.
I love when someone returns my effort, that is so rare.
I would just like someone that is truly happy over me. Someone happy to see me, happy to hear from me, and happy to know me.
My friend: I will pick you up at 12. My friend at 12:45: I'm on my way.
Thank you for listening to me. Some things are hard to say out loud but you make it easier.
From "replied to your story" to "being part of your story."
That mood when you and your best friend are laughing at the stupidest things for no reason.
Cheers to us who's single and just enjoying life right now.
I don't know who needs to hear this, but let them lose you; they had enough chances.
Mood: move to another city and start a new life.
I have a bestie I don't see every day, but our love will never change.
That betrayal was your blessing.
Don't play the ignoring game with me because I don't lose.
I hope you know how special you are.
Truth is that before I met you, I never knew how it felt to look at someone and smile for no reason.
My best friend said you're the first person I think of when I want to share my happiness, and I'm crying because our energy just matches so well.
Holding hands is such a small, intimate gesture and it's probably one of my favorite things.
Your secret is safe with me... and my best friend.
Goofiness is so attractive to me; if you can keep me laughing, you've got me forever.
Best friends call each other just to do nothing together.
People who make you smile through tough times are so important.
Meeting someone who doesn't remind you of anyone, a brand new vibe, a breath of fresh air.
I pray everyone finds the right circle of friends and the right partner. Life is already hard; relationships should be the least of our worries.
Date someone who can disagree with you and still stay kind, respect your feelings, and have your back.
People who talk in texts and suddenly send voice memos in between are precious, honestly.
One thing about me is that I'm going to be late, but I'm coming.
I miss you.
Being in someone's prayers is the purest form of real love.
We don't date crushes; we just stare at them until we aren't interested anymore.
Date someone who stays obsessed with you, not just in the beginning.
I don't know who needs to hear this, but having uncomfortable conversations will save your relationships.
I like people who can keep the conversation going no matter how random the topic gets.
Sometimes you need a good cry so you can restart your week off fresh and feeling better.
I'm not a fan of calls, but with the right person, I can literally go on for hours.
My biggest flex is that I'm still with the same best friend since 2017.
There are some friends you don't meet for days, weeks, months, and sometimes even for years, but the bond still remains the same.
Parked car conversations are lowkey therapy sessions.
Once you find your person, there's nobody else you want.
When people call my best friend their best friend.
Having no interest in anyone is so peaceful.
If we are together, I am going to stare at you and admire your beautiful face until you kiss me and tell me how annoying I am.
Everyone has that one person they will never lose feelings for.
Adult friendships are like "I miss you"... let's hang out in January.
Best friends are those who ask for advice and do exactly the opposite.
I feel so genuinely sorry for people who message me expecting a good conversation.
I have a bestie that I don't see every day, but our love will never change.
Please stop asking why I'm still single. I didn't ask why you're still married.
I don't believe in the concept of one best friend. I have different friends who relate to different parts of my life; it's a working system. They are all equally important.
I love irregular texters because there's a mutual understanding between us that it's okay to text back 4 days later with no bad vibes.
Your next relationship will be the one you prayed for.
Deep down we are all desperately waiting for our best friend's wedding.
Be the reason someone feels welcomed, seen, heard, valued, and loved.
I found love and friendship in one person.
When you waited for so long to be treated right and now you met someone who treats you more than what you expected.
Our first meet is still memorable.
I like to talk things out, I love clarity. I'm an adult, communicate.
Thank you for being exactly who you are and for offering me a friendship I've always wanted and needed my whole life.
May your next relationship be the longest, happiest, goofiest one ever.
I used to tolerate a lot because I didn't want to lose people but now, I don't care anymore.
Being alone will always be better than being with someone who doesn't value who you really are.
There is literally only 3 people that I fully fully trust.
Me and my friends planning for a trip:
The girl in blue was having an anxiety attack. She called her mom. When her mom arrived she found her laying on the driveway in the rain. Instead of getting mad, she gets down, held her daughter's hand, and laid with her in the rain... Until her anxiety passed. This is true love.
I want your attention but don't wanna bother you.
Someone asked me: "Who hurt you?" I replied: "My own expectations."
My intentions are always so pure. I don't have the energy to be a fake person.
The best friendship is when you can talk about anything and not feel judged.
Sometimes we just bump into certain people and suddenly, they become part of our journey.
Sometimes a hug from that one person is all you need to feel better.
I like being alone but want someone to be alone with, if that makes sense.
I'm two completely different people when I care and when I don't.
There are two types of people in the morning.
2022 was a hard year but it was easier with you by my side.
Best feeling is when someone gives you updates and assurance unexpectedly.
Tag someone that you hope 2023 would be good to.
If you see me and my bestie arguing, don't mind us. That's how we communicate.
When your friends don't respond for hours.
There's always 3 best friends: the trouble maker, the one with the "I don't care" attitude, and the innocent one.
You're gonna miss that person that didn’t want much from you but time and affection.
Having someone you know you can text at any hour and tell them absolutely anything and know they are trustworthy is the best feeling ever.
Having a real one by your side is something money can’t buy.
When you’re mad at him and he says “come here baby.”
There’s no room for unsupportive friends, family, or fake love in 2023.
Being married someday is going to be so cool. Like you get to come home to your best friend every single day and do life together.
I wanna do everything with one person. Argue, grow, love, heal, and get rich.
I'm only an introvert until meeting people worth being an extrovert with.
You can’t be interested & inconsistent.
Before I agree to 2023, I want to read the terms and conditions.
Normalize unsending messages when they were ignored.
Mention someone that you are happy entering 2023 with.
People don’t always say “I love you.” Sometimes it sounds like: "Be safe," "Did you eat?" "This reminded me of you," "Call me when you get home," "I made you this," "I'll come with you."
This year I met the most broken version of me, but also the strongest.
A private life with your favorite people is a happy life.
Thank people for the small things they do that make you feel loved.
With 2022 almost over. Mention that favorite person you met this year.
That one friend who never left your side no matter what happened.
I just wanna bake stuff with my favorite person and watch Christmas movies together.
Miss you a lot, it hurts.
I hope 2023 is your best year yet (you've had too many difficult years, you deserve better).
Shoutout to my best friend for giving me the best advice even though I don't listen. I love you and I'm sorry. Don't give up.
Have you ever loved someone so much that you settled for being friends just to keep them in your life?
Ending the year with the most amazing partner ever.
I either reply in 0.2 seconds or 3-5 business days.
Imagine we flirt and end up lasting forever.
Imagine being friends with me for more than 2 years and still believing my "I am leaving in 5 mins" texts. LOL. See you in 2 hours, darlings.
It's okay to miss people and still not want them back in your life.
I might be boring, but I will sit with you at 2 am and listen to your problems.
May all your "soons" turn into "finally."
I pray for my relationship because I love who I got.
You don't know me until you've stayed up till 4 am with me.
People who stay in the car a little longer to listen to music are my kind of people.
Being excited to get in bed is a different level of adulting.
Close to very few people, but those few people mean everything.
I love the unexpected friendships I made this year.
Effort is always better than promises.
I don't know who needs to hear this, but let that one go.
When you finally meet the right person, but now the wrong person is you.
The best conversations are from 12-3 am.
I will never forget who gave me a hard time when I was already having a hard time.
Manifesting that we're gonna see each other soon.
It's not what I feel for you, it's what I don't feel for anyone but you.
People get tired of me and leave. They didn't know that I'm tired too, but I always choose to stay.
Please don't underestimate my ability to delete your number and act like I never met you.
When everything is going wrong but you're still enjoying your life.
My biggest flex is that I have already found my best friend for life.
It's nothing personal but sometimes I don't feel like texting people back and I don't know why. I just don't.
I know better days are coming but like when? I need a date, please.
I love when I realize I am handling a situation better than my old self would have.
Being friends with me means you have to understand that I do not wanna talk every day.
Choose your partner wisely.
Everyone deserves a friend like you.
Thank you for being by my side through thick and thin.
At least, I have a supportive best friend.
I appreciate anybody who reaches out to me because I know I'm a distant person.
You will never know the damage you did to someone until the same thing is done to you. That's why karma is there.
In the end, we all just want someone who chooses us over everyone else, under any circumstances.
Relax, they'll miss you when they can't replace you.
Finally, I've the best partner.
I pray February will be a month full of good news, blessings, and positive vibes.
I'd rather choose this over any party because I just want to stay home and cuddle my love all night.
A man who updates you because he knows how you overthink while waiting for him is a top-tier green flag energy.
We deserve road trips, beaches, and hangouts in this stressful year.
I love seeing people recover from messed up situations to end up getting the success they deserve.
Keeping things private is the best way to protect things.
I get jealous when my favorite person is talking to someone else.
You're getting too comfortable again. Remember what happened last time.
Never go back with someone who chose someone else over you, don't do that to yourself.
I overthink because I notice everything.
Finding someone who gives you good laughs, best friend vibes, epic conversations, and unquestionable loyalty
You deserve someone who understands you're a work in progress but still adores you for the absolute masterpiece that you already are.
Everything comes to you at the right time.
The relationship hits different when y'all start off as friends.
I don't trust words, I trust vibes. People can tell you anything, but a vibe tells you everything.
Mention someone you want to go stargazing with and talk about life.
Me at my bestie's wedding.
I wasn't even looking for you when I found you.
The best memories come from bad ideas with your best friends.
Being married someday is going to be so cool. Like you get to come home to your best friend every single day and just do life together.
Be comfortable waiting a little longer for the things you deserve.
It takes a lot for me to give up on someone. If I give up on you, just know I did everything I could.
It's kinda sad when you realize the person you used to tell everything to now has no idea of what's happening with your life.
I forgive you, but we don't need to keep in touch... respectfully.
Normalize not forcing connections with people. If someone doesn't see the value in having you by their side, don't try to convince them.
Allow someone to love you; you can't continue to share memes for the rest of your life.
Before you judge someone about their anger, ask them about their pain.
I see the best of me when I'm with you.
The best chapter of my life was meeting the friends I have right now.
As long as I didn't do anything wrong, I don't care if we never speak again.
Always make things clear to someone so they won't expect, assume, and hope.
"You're overreacting." No, you lied and I found out.
How I wish I could be right now:
One day, you'll be living the life you prayed for.
Sometimes spending time with your best friend at the beach is all the therapy you need.
May you soon meet the reason why you did not allow yourself to settle.
You deserve a calm love with someone who is good for your mental health and nervous system. Someone who is your safe space, your best friend, and soothes your soul during stressful situations.
My friend circle is small but we are all funny.
I have the most humbled and good-looking bestie ever.
My and my love have the funniest moments together, I swear that really is my best friend.
Don't make someone feel special if there's another person getting the same affection.
I know you miss that person, but you still deserve better.
A relationship with no gender roles. We hustle, we both clean, we both cook, we both pay, and we both spoil each other.
You can forgive some people without welcoming them back into your life. Apology accepted, access denied.
I found both love and a best friend in you.
Your kisses make everything better.
I don't need the world's attention, just yours, because you mean the world to me.
You're my world, and I love you so much.
Acting clueless while knowing everything that's going on is one of my biggest strengths.
When you are around the right people, all you do is laugh.
I may be a little toxic, but at least I'm loyal.
Stop thinking you need a relationship to be happy. Sometimes all you need is just money, traveling, and new clothes.
Sometimes it's better to block people than argue.
I hope you find a love you don't have to question.
By the time they realize your worth, you'll be worth more.
Have you ever met someone and thought, "Damn! Why didn't I meet you earlier in life?"
Surround yourself with people who pray for you behind your back.
Me when I hate my job but I have bills to pay.
To the person who stayed with me even at my worst, thank you.
Stop oversharing - everyone is not your friend. Being private about your personal life is top-tier self-care.
Don't expect people to be there for you just because you were there for them.
Being with someone who gives you good laughs, best friend energy, epic conversations, and unquestionable loyalty is the best feeling.
Life is short. Spend it with people who make you laugh and feel loved.
I need one of those long hugs where you kinda forget whatever else is happening around you for a minute.
Do you ever just miss laughing or hanging out with a certain person?
I wanna be hugged and hugged and hugged and hugged.
Your anxiety will tell you the worst-case scenario. It’s a damn liar!
We all deserve someone who, at the end of the day, says, "I'm glad you're here."
You can't change someone by loving them harder.
When your intuition tells you that something is off about a person, place, or situation, trust it right away - your mind can unpack the details later.
It's funny how people can apologize and then go back to doing the same thing.
That one friend you have no good pictures with but so many good memories.
When I get comfortable, I talk a lot. No matter what the topic is, I'm talking.
I wanna meet myself from another person's point of view and experience my energy.
Never be afraid to treat people the way they treat you.
That breakup saved you. That friendship that ended was for a good reason. That person that left you made you stronger. Trust me, you're good.
Having good friends is such a blessing. No jealousy, no gossip, no competing or any other negativity. Just love and support.
My best friend will still be my best friend in another 70 years, no matter what.
Soon you will be living the life you prayed for.
Crazy part about overthinking is most of the time you are right.
Sometimes people need their own space. They're not cutting you off; they just need time to breathe and take care of themselves. That has nothing to do with you.
Be thankful for the closed doors, bad vibes, and stuff that falls apart. It will protect you from things not meant for you.
I wonder if we ever overthink each other at the same time.
You mean so much to your friends and family; they may not say it as often, but they really do love you.
Forgot I was mad at him and accidentally sent him a TikTok.
The best relationship is when you can talk like best friends and just love each other.
To my friend who never treated me as a competition and is always happy for my success. Thank you, and I love you.
Yes, I overthink but not because I want to be sad. I just feel too much. I value things, emotions, people, and promises.
You are going to be successful this year. That's a fact.
I'm a very observant person. So if you think I didn't notice, I did. I just decided to keep quiet and avoid drama.
Deep conversations can fix a lot.
I need a hug, a long one.
Story of modern love: Two people both waiting to text first.
The best revenge is none. Heal, move on with your life, and let karma deal with it.
Do you ever just wanna shut off your phone, drive to the beach, forget everything and just listen to the sound of the waves?
I think one of my favorite feelings is laughing with someone and realizing halfway through how much you enjoy them and their existence.
To that one friend I feel safe telling anything, thank you.
Normalize not telling everyone everything. Not everyone wants what's best for you.
It's so cute when someone makes a unique nickname for you.
Distance is my new answer to disrespect. I no longer react, I no longer argue, I no longer dive into drama. I simply remove my presence.
I'm at a point in my life where I don't even know the point I'm at, but I'm at a point.
When you have a friend who checks on you and wants nothing but the best for you, keep them dear. Such souls are rare.
I wanna go on a vacation with loved ones so badly.
I can't wait to look good again to update my profile picture. Bear with me.
This is the cutest thing I've seen today.
Deep conversations with someone who genuinely understands you is the best feeling.
Advice of the day: Stop having relationship problems with someone you're not in a relationship with.
Little do my friends know they are healing me every time we hang out.
You blocked me out of anger, I blocked you for peace. We are not the same.
Sometimes we give up not because we didn't try but because we tried and it didn't work out.
Simple things make me happy: Mentioned you in their story
At this age, the excitement of my birthday is over.
Being alone is not boring, for me it's my comfort zone. I love my own space.
At this point in life, I don't stress myself to communicate with people. If you talk to me then okay, if not then okay.
Me and my best friend don't even know our friendship anniversary.
That friend who is always ready to help you any day, anytime, and in any situation.
But when my soul met yours, it felt like two lifelong friends catching up over coffee.
I was toxic to some, I was a blessing to others. Some I healed, others I hurt. I'm willing to admit that I wasn't always right.
It's never too late to rewrite your own story.
Not everyone deserves your energy.
Eyes show what a smile hides.
The worst thing about being independent is nobody will ask if you're okay because all they know is you're strong.
Dear May, please be kind to us.
We all deserve something we don't have to question, someone who is sure about us.
My best friend has the audacity to live far away from me.
People get tired of me and then leave, but they don't know that I'm also tired but I stayed.
Please, no more temporary people. Thank you.
Missing someone doesn't mean you should go back.
I love you, that means I'm not just here for the pretty parts and the happy days. I'm here for the rough and the bad days. I'm here no matter what.
Sometimes you have to read the message and not reply.
I am the unpaid photographer of my friends.
Never be an option. Be their priority or move on.
What are signs you're in a relationship with the right person?
I'm stuck between "I really wanna talk to you," and "I really need to get over you".
I don't accept apologies, you did what made you happy at the expense of my emotions. I understand it, but I don't respect it.
You're suddenly the bad person when you return the same energy.
Sometimes I'm not angry, I'm just hurt. There's a difference between the two.
Stay close to people who want more for you, not from you.
I'm in my "whatever happens, happens" era.
I just want to thank special people in my life who have listened without judgment, helped without conditions, understood with care, and loved me no matter what.
We all deserve someone who at the end of the day says: "I missed you so much today."
Who's your blue? Blue is someone who is your comfort. The one person that takes away all of your pain. Someone that you know will always be there even though you've put them through a lot.
Be honest, how many REAL friends do you think you have?
I'm the type of person who always feel bad after being rude to people even when they deserve it.
Who's your yellow? Yellow is someone who saves you from being alone. Someone who does everything for you. The reason for your smile.
I tried to forget you, but the harder I tried, the more I thought about you.
Normalize not forcing connections with people. It flows, or it goes. If someone doesn't see the value in having you by their side, don't try to convince them.
Stop oversharing - not everybody wants what's best for you. Being private about your personal life is top-tier self-care.
Let's be happy in private. What people don't know, they can't ruin it.
I promise you, no friendship, relationship, or job is ever worth damaging your mental health over. Period.
Blocking is not an option for me. I want you to see my posts and cry.
Some situations force you to be heartless.
Sometimes you have to leave people alone because they think you can't.
Yes, I overthink but I also over love.
Believe me. Your friend's love life will also be your problem.
Ignoring the red flags because you want to see the good in a person will cost you.
I need to stop imagining scenarios in my head that have a -2% chance of actually happening, it's becoming a problem.
People who can keep the convo going no matter how random the topic gets are top tier.
Why is sleeping at night so hard but sleeping in the morning is like drifting away on a soft fluffy cloud while Adele sings you a lullaby?
Friends' parents who treat you like family.
Hearing "I'm proud of you" when you're having a hard time hits different.
Going through a situation that you can't even talk about is the hardest.
Let time expose them, they can't fake it forever.
Sometimes people will act like you're hard to deal with because you aren't easy to fool.
It's been said that love finds you when you're ready.
Best thing I ever did was stop telling people what's going on in my life.
Does anyone else have that friend that you're pretty sure is your soulmate but in a friend way?
If you love someone, let them nap.
Psychology says: You don't really need someone to complete you. You only need someone to accept you completely.
My toxic trait: I'll wake up on time, but lay in bed until I'm late.
The problem is, I would still choose you over anyone or anything.
Someone can treat you better in 2 months than someone did in 3 years.
I don't like hints, be straightforward or be quiet.
Of course you miss me, I wasn't the problem.
Please text with a purpose, we can't be hey-heying every day.
Mood: "I think I like you."
Remember, the right person won't make you feel like you're asking for too much.
I want to feel loved without feeling like I am begging for it.
Normalize never forcing people to choose you. If someone thinks they can find better elsewhere, let them. Respectfully.
To avoid disappointment, take people exactly as they are, instead of idealizing about who you want them to be.
Me trying to flirt: "Good, how are you doing?" "Good thanks, and you?" "Good and you?" "Good thanks."
The person I needed the most taught me I need nobody.
Silent in person but talkative in text.
All I do is open Instagram and send memes to the same 2 people every day.
Fifty shades of tired.
Best chapter of my life was meeting the friends I have now.
Mood: "No more expectations, just go with the flow, and whatever happens, happens."
Someday, all the love you've given to the wrong people will find its way back to you in someone who's waited their whole life for your kind of love.
Peace over drama and distance over disrespect.
Not all exes are bad. Look at me; I'm someone's ex, and I'm the best.
Who is your green? Green is someone who randomly becomes part of your life one day and saved you; that you now cannot imagine a life without. Someone you know you can tell anything to without being judged because they'll always support you, no matter what.
We all have that tiny friend with anger issues.
Not all blessings are in the form of money. Sometimes it can be a whole day of rest, a laugh with friends, and being surrounded by people who truly care.
Mention one person that is ALWAYS around when you need them.
Distance is fine. Disloyalty is not. Disagreements are fine. Disrespect is not.
The best thing I did for myself was stop chasing someone who was okay with losing me.
Thank you for loving every version of me, even the ones I don't recognize anymore.
I may not know many things, but I know energy. I know when it’s genuine, I know when it’s strange, and I know when it shifts.
Have you ever been so right about something that you end up laughing because you saw it coming?
Thank you for accepting me for who I've been, loving me for who I am, and staying to see who I'm becoming.
I'm really enjoying my privacy these days. I don't care to be seen, heard, or to prove any points. Just living and elevating in silence and peace.
The best kind of friendships are the ones that turn into family.
It's crazy when people hold grudges against you for things they did to you.
Little do my friends know they're healing me every time we hangout.
Dear July, please be gentle to us.
I've been friends for so long with my bestie that I don't know which one of us is the bad influence.
I pray my partner gets everything they are working hard for.
Every house has that one sibling who stresses the whole family out.
Basically what being a boyfriend looks like.
Find someone who understands your silence.
Dear best friend: I am tagging you here, so you remember that you're not allowed to leave me, not now or ever.
"How close are you to your best friend?" We talk on different topics, on different apps, at the same time.
Never underestimate the power of good morning texts, apologies, and random compliments.
I never wanted to argue, I just wanted you to understand how I felt.
Never faked my "I miss you" and "I love you," the only thing I faked is "I'm okay."
There are two types of tired: one that requires rest and one that requires peace.
Sometimes you meet someone and you just know from the first moment that you want to spend your whole life with them.
You ever hang out with your friends and end up laughing so hard that you just get lost in the moment and completely forget all your life problems? Those are the moments I live for.
I'm actually such a forgiving person, so if I genuinely stop speaking to someone, they did way too much.
There is something so beautiful about having long-term friends that have witnessed multiple versions of you and loved you unconditionally through each version.
Do you ever just wear headphones so people won't talk to you?
One thing I cannot stand is being ignored. If you're busy, say so. If you're not in the mood to talk, say so. If you're done with me, say so. Communicate with me.
Getting mad at your hair is a whole different kind of angry.
Does anyone else get re-annoyed? Like yeah, I know it happened ages ago, but it's still annoying me.
My friend told me, "You keep forgiving someone until you unlove them." I felt that.
When I say "be safe," I say that from the bottom of my heart.
I could never let anyone go through my camera roll; there are too many weird screenshots and saved stuff that I have no valid explanation for.
I'm both mature and immature at the same time, just depends on my mood and who I am with.
I talk to the same 2 people every day. If someone says they know me, they are lying.
Meeting someone great in your "I'm gonna be single" phase is crazy.
Just want a small house next to a lake with a small garden, a dog, and that special person that loves me back.
My phone is always in my hand, so if you think I'm ignoring you, I am.
Been disappointed so many times that I don't even care anymore, I'm just like "Wow again??? Ok lol."
Does anyone else just feel the strong desire to change, to travel, to meet new people and just start over somewhere you've never been before?
Taking a break from somebody will either make you realize how much you really love and miss them, or how much you really love your peace without them.
A person who updates you because they know how you overthink while waiting for them is top tier green flag energy.
I love when someone educates me on a topic I don't know about without making me feel dumb.
what I want: a healthy, long-lasting relationship - & FaceTime, Calendar, Photos, Camera.
Siblings are proof you can dislike someone but still love them.
I can give you butterflies or anger issues, it's your choice.
Switching your mindset from "I hope I can do this" to "I'm going to make this happen" is such a game changer.
Please don't invite me to anything if no air conditioning is involved. Thank you.
The night before a day off is more satisfying than the actual day off.
Sorry for texting back fast, you're the only person I actually enjoy talking to.