When it's destiny, love will manifest you.
Be patient, love is alchemizing.
Clear the path, love waits for goodbyes.
Dear priestess, your cup shall hold an ocean, as big as your heart.
Dear priestess, God prayed you into the world.
Dear priestess, love is the chakra between us.
Love doesn't need you to be ready, it requires you to be open.
My heart doesn't stop beating for you, I can feel your drums at 3 am.
Love wants what it has, goodbyes are required.
You are the heart, born from a wish made by the stars to be seen again by love.
Let yourself out of the cage, you were born for the wild.
Your heart is a magnet, it's how the universe finds you, trust what comes, let go of what doesn't.
Co-creation is sexy, my love language is planting seeds.
Only love knows who you are, only love can see you, be love and you'll know why.
She will love again, love will teach you how to be patient.
Some people will only love you when you're gone, true love happens before you even meet.
How come love never gave us a chance? We tripped over something we always wanted.
Dear love, I want to be on your mind while I'm sleeping.
'I love you' felt like a weapon in battle, 'it's not you' felt like the anchor.
Loose cannons never made it out of the bedroom.
And we're replaced by scars that held our stars, I feel it snowing inside me.
If this moment is all we have, then why water it down? Isn't the sunflower in the rain enough, or is it that all you feel is thunder?
I don't want to know where we're going, I want to know you.
Love is our vessel, I can feel your aura calling.
I promise I'll let go of happiness soon, I forgot about the other ways I could love you.
I promise I won't go anywhere. I know... I can't stay either. Goodbye again, until my thoughts of you tomorrow. Hello again?
Promises are dissolving in my woes, must I be a delicacy everywhere I go? Devour me in peace.
So what if they run away, love is specifically made like a coffee. You are an acquired taste, my favorite cup.
You can't put love in a box, we didn't find God that way.
Please let love into your heart, unless you want it to stop breathing.
I don't want ride or die love, love doesn't need you to crash and burn.
Stop pushing me away, just let me go if you don't want me to stay.
Watering down your words is why you don't know anymore.
I float in what's meant to be will be, goodbye always sinks to the bottom.
Stop and smell the roses, it's different every time, just like you, always.
I can't let go of holding on to you, I love you doesn't believe in death.
Fire gives ice a reason, fear is who I may become without you. I need you.
Love promises to sweep the road, will you take it? Get out of your own way.
You don't have to protect love, love is there to protect you, tell them the truth.
Why do I feel sad about falling for you? It hurts to cut the stem off a dying rose.
Forgive my heart strings, they don't know any better, come back in five years.
I think you'll know when I look at you, how to say 'I love you' for the first time.
I thought I was whole then I met you, parts of me feel like all of me now.
Thank you for loving my future self, the sun sets beyond this mountain.
Love me like a helix, I promise I'll come back to life.
Look at me through the mirror, karma gave your heart back.
Kiss my aura, these sacred lips are sealed.
Dear universe, who am I? You are every piece you're willing to share, just like LOVE.
I'm letting go and trusting the universe, wherever I land, kiss me for good.
I beg you not to fall in love with my wings, love takes us where we can heal goodbyes.
Love weaves stars into wrinkles and scars, these tattoos tell a story worthy of your tears.
There are days I'm deep in the mud and days I can't stop craving it, I'm not numb anymore, I'm terrified.
Just tell me, who are you? I am what doesn't have to wait for you.
We can't see what we're not willing to be, yet our hearts never stop bleeding.
Connections are not accidents, get out of your own way. How many nights must I awaken you?
Will you live without telling time? Love has birthdays even when you're broken.
I am worthy of love, I'm just picking up all my pieces, BRB.
I am a bridge, don't walk all over me. I can take you wherever you want to go.
A kite has nowhere to go, but it doesn't need anywhere else to be. You are the tide that comes from every droplet of "I love you."
You are the tide that comes from every droplet of "I love you." I miss you still love.
"I love you" changes every world, just say it. I LOVE YOU.
First love teaches us how to forget time.
Forget time, forever is right now, together in bliss. Sincerely yours, Love.
Love comes back to teach us how on again/off again isn't what forever really means.
The last and final love comes with every love before it. True love time travels.
Once you say "fuck it," love says "fuck it." Love teaches us how to stop looking for it.
They say you'll know when you meet the one, but do you know yourself? Until we know, love teaches us who we are.
If time becomes the reason you are still together or the reason for the next milestone, love has already moved on.
Once we realize that love needs to rest in order to last, it guides us to build a foundation between two pillars. Two hearts beating in rhythm.
Forever is a long time without love, but one day in love is worth a lifetime. Take your time healing, love knows when you're ready.
One day, love will choose you. You are worthy of love.
I see a warrior in a uniform that wasn't meant for her.
I see a wall up between her and her inheritance.
I see how she asked the wolves to guard her heart.
I see how she took her time in hiding, to see how long she could hold her breath.
She never wanted to die, she chose the path her heart trusted most.
To claim her kingdom now because she was ready and her heart knew how.
You don't have to dance when you live in the flow of the rhythm. This is the song written for her by the universe.
Dear God, it's us against the world. No, it's us beside the world.
You don't need proof. Let the walls fall, it's not your fault.
Do not deny yourself from an entire world I made for you. Love.
Dear God, can you even hear me? How can I when you don't know who you are? I am as loud as your thoughts.
Oh, my aging heart, this life is heavy. I didn't know what beautiful was, unfinished.
Will love ever be allowed to make love to you again? I don't need your cape to fall in love with you.
I want you naked and raw. Sexy is the crevices outlining your soul.
Where did that gun to your head come from? It's time to let go.
Threads of the universe tangled in your mind. The roads were never meant to burn.
Dear time, when did you become the gate to my heart? The world keeps asking you how old you are.
Let the chips fall and the new roses bloom. There is room for all of you.
Sometimes love knows more than us, that's what hurts the most.
Give yourself a chance, the universe already loves you as you are. I love you.
What we need now isn't what we needed anymore.
It feels like I lost myself looking for the new me somewhere out there, anywhere.
It's as if everything changed, except me. When will I ever be ready?
The truth is we may never be ready. Every glass feels like swallowing an ocean.
Growing can feel like there's not enough room for every old me and now what feels new.
How do I leap into the life I want when it feels so far away? Stop trying to jump and take one honest step.
Every truth lives inside you and you know it, but so does fear, shame, and anger. Learn to say goodbye inside first.
If it isn't love anymore, you're just learning how to say goodbye.
Your kingdom doesn't need a king, my Queen. But who you choose will turn the soil.
She snuck God in with a kiss.
A lion sleeps at her feet. She's tired of running.
She asked for my intentions. I gave her the ocean I'm swimming in.
Love visits in my dreams and wakes my heart with the sun.
Where the f*ck is home? You're not meant to build what's already yours.
I can see all of you. Thank you, God.
I crave you the way I miss home. This kingdom was always yours.
How do I surf on what scares me? There is love in the water.
Fate didn't ask for my permission; it whispered, "Do you remember me again?" Love time travels in our story.
But my, have the gardens missed you, a thorn for every year the roses aren't picked. I promised you I'd wait.
Dear love, I'm sorry I took so long. Will you wait for me to fall first this time?
Sometimes so many wounds want to say hello.
Why the f*ck am I here? Knocks on my door, and I don't know who's going to answer.
It hurts to smile sometimes; I just can't change the past, no matter how many times I time travel.
The truth is I died a long time ago; all that is left is the God within my soul.
I sit back wondering how the oceans were made by all the sufferings, and nobody ever mentions how long we wait.
But this is an ode to the living; I see your sufferings that break your heart open.
I promise you these cries will turn into laughs once more.
And what is gone shall say goodbye no more.
School never taught me about the wounds; life did.
Wounds are passed down by the mother and father when they aren't done healing; the energy is very real but unseen.
how a child receives the energy before the lessons, questioning why am I like this? — these triggers take us down the rabbit hole...
how they were never rose-colored glasses, just the kind no one can help you take off, but you. — when you don't know, trust that it's divine.
how they can make you feel so alone, painting the villains in your garden. — I see you when you cannot see yourself.
guarded, wounds teach you how to build walls — until the hurricanes fail you.
and you reach the end of a road, somehow it's always a cliff. — do I jump to fall or will I fly?
you go back and build new armor, this time there's a mission involved. — will I slay these dragons?
you're not saving the world just yet, you are saving you. — the world will wait, I promise.
I'm lighting candles for our NSFW ceremony.
taking turns on our knees, praying.
I want to taste sacred with you.
I wish I could go with you to find me.
I saved these 'I got you' eyes for you. maybe this time you can find me, — my divinity game is headstrong. YO, where you at? — stay still, drop a pin, I'll come to you.
I Was Never Broken: Volume 3 You taught me— infatuation is a phase chemistry can burn out connections can fade You taught me — love can be platonic love can be demonic love can be euphoric You taught me — everything is disposable forever isn't forever who we once were isn't
love is worth every second it lives.
we invented love lifetimes ago, — an anomaly made for the two of us.
Goodbye wounds, — I still feel the strings how they quiver.
learning to love myself so I think I can forgive you if I let this go but I know will never forgive myself if I don't let go
it took me a long time to get here I don't want to lose myself again
learning to love
Sometimes I want to manifest the best life, and sometimes I’m terrified that I will.
Renew your vows with the universe, today, Iam worthy.
I realize how cravings make my reality feel, after I satisfy them, but not myself.
It’s like every craving brings a clue, this is how close I am to not being you.
I want this kind of life is a dream, I deserve this kind of life is a belief.
An inheritance is something you don’t crave, you are born with a crown you can’t see.
Sabotage comes in all shapes and sizes, and cravings slow down manifestations.
Manifestation boundaries are required, I love me, first.
Why does this always happen to me? When was the last time you trusted yourself?
There are no beginnings or endings, go with the flow, this is living.
I'm not a fan of calls, but with the right person I can literally go on for hours.
A break from someone will either make you realize how much you truly miss/love them, or how much peace you have without them.
My dad gave me the best advice tonight... he said if a man cares about you, you won't ever have to wonder how he feels, he will constantly remind you and that hit deep.
Deep down, you know exactly where you stand with someone. Hope blurs the lines a bit but, you know.
Dear Love, I was here, remember? You're still here, time traveler.
The best friendships are with the people you can be crazy with, and then 5 minutes later you can be having an extremely deep conversation.
Such a disappointment when you defend someone thinking they are different and they turn out to be just what everyone said.
The best thing I heard today was a pregnant woman arguing with her partner and she said, "I have two brains and you have one."
Why Your THINKING Is THE BEGINNING & END OF SUFFERING
If she’s important to you, show her. What the fuck is so hard about that?
Best dating advice I ever got from my mom was, “The signs you ignore in the beginning just end up being the reason you leave later. You know right away who's good and bad for you. Don't ignore that.”
I want to work on myself with you by my side and I want you to work on yourself with me by your side. Life ain't easy, let's do this together.
Friends that understand your anti-social phases and don't take them personally are important.
That friend who is always ready to help you any day, anytime and any situation.
Distance is my new answer to disrespect. I no longer react, I no longer argue, I no longer dive into drama. I simply remove my presence.
Little do my friends know they are healing me every time we hang out.
She's not difficult, she just wants to make sure you are serious before she gives her heart...because when she loves, she loves hard.
Shoutout to girls who haven't felt okay lately, but get up every day and refuse to quit. Stay strong queens.
You're just a stranger that became my favorite person.
I am the hug you craved when the world forgot your name. Love.
I'm at a point in my life where I don't even know the point I'm at, but I'm at a point.
Communication is key but so is a sense of understanding. If I tell you something and you're not willing to see where I’m coming from, then what's the point of telling you anything.
Unfortunately, people have a right to decline your love no matter how pure your intentions are. You are not what they want, and that is okay.
Have you ever loved someone so much that you settled for being friends just to keep them in your life?
I think one of my favorite feelings is laughing with someone and realizing halfway through how much you enjoy them and their existence.
My grandpa once told me that girls care too soon and guys care too late and I don't think I've ever heard anything so true.
Adult friendships require appointments now. "Are you free March 15 at 3 pm?" "What days work for you?"
A person raised off love and a person raised off survival see the world differently.
The relationship you hope for is also hoping for you. May you two soon collide and build something that'll last forever.
I just want someone to look at me and just think "she's worth everything."
Which hurts more? 1. Seen but no reply 2. Unseen but online
All I do is open Instagram and send memes to those 2 persons every day.
I love hearing "we" and "our" when my partner talks. It's small affirmation.
Simple things make me happy: Mentioned you in their story.
It's so cute when someone makes a unique nickname for you.
I think a guy fighting for his relationship and showing his feelings is more attractive than someone who acts like they don't give a fuck.
When you have a friend who checks on you and wants nothing but the best for you, keep them dear. Such souls are rare.
I heard someone once say "healing can be so hard when your inner child wants love, your teenage self wants revenge, and your current self only wants peace."
Dear bestie, you are stuck with me forever. No refund, no returns. I love you.
Take time out today to tag somebody that you know is working hard and tell them you're proud of them. Whether they're working hard to be a better person, run a business, or chase a dream. You never know who may need to hear those words to keep going.
First, know your worth. Second, control your emotions. Third, never settle.
I need a "pack your bags, we are going on a trip" text.
Distance is my new response. I don't return energy. I remove myself.
Shoutout to girls who haven't felt okay lately, but get up every day and refuse to quit. Stay strong queens.
Cooking for someone will always be an act of love for me, one of my love languages.
Who's your blue? Blue is someone who is your comfort. The one person that takes away all of your pain. Someone that you know will always be there even though you've put them through a lot.
Stop thinking you need a relationship to be happy. Sometimes all you need is just money, traveling, and new clothes.
Who's your yellow? Yellow is someone who saves you from being alone. Someone who does everything for you. The reason for your smiles.
You'll miss them, you'll want to call them, you'll want to reach out, and you'll even want closure. But never forget the disrespect, the dishonesty, the unloyalty, and the lack of communication when all you wanted was love.
I wanna do everything with one person forever. Argue, grow, love, heal, and get rich.
If a man starts ignoring me, I will just quietly move on. No long angry messages to make him 'see my worth'. No 'he won't find someone like me' or 'he will regret it'. I collect myself and leave. I deserve a love that is sure of me from the beginning.
The way you treated her at the very beginning when you were trying to get her should be the way you always treat her, don't change.
A relationship should be your happy place, not where you beg your partner to act right.
If a girl sticks around and gives you time to mature, that isn't love. That's a whole wife you're sleeping on.
You ever been so disappointed in someone that you forgive them and don't say anything, but in your head you detach yourself from them completely.
Learning to love myself. I will not spend mise to myself.
Saw a quote that said... "Thank you for letting me go, because I wouldn't have walked away" and that hit different.
The day you finally say "fuck it" and let go of the person you've been pointlessly holding onto, is the day your life gets a whole lot better.
Communicating is one thing, but your tone while communicating is everything.
My ex taught me that no matter how good of a woman you are... you'll never be good enough for a guy who isn't ready to be a man.
Relationships are not destroyed by the 3rd person. They are destroyed by the person who entertains the 3rd person while they are in a relationship.
All relationships have one law. Never make the one you love feel alone, especially when you're there.
Date someone that knows how to properly love. Someone who will sit down with you and communicate with you after an issue has occurred. Someone who brings peace to you and not toxicity. Someone who loves you harder on the days you need it the most.
If your girlfriend/boyfriend/best friend needs reassurance on how you feel, just give it to them. We're humans and go through stuff. It's nice to feel wanted.
Telling her you're not ready for a relationship but expecting her to give you relationship benefits is abuse. It's confusing. It's hurtful. Stop it.
Stop oversharing - everyone is not your friend. Being private about your personal life is top-tier self-care.
My dad gave me the best advice tonight... he said, "If a man cares about you, you won't ever have to wonder how he feels, he will constantly remind you," and that hit deep.
I love you, that means I'm not just here for the pretty parts and the happy days. I'm here for the rough and the bad days. I'm here no matter what.
My current situation... I'm not in a relationship, it's just I'm in love with someone I can't unlove.
My ex used to put me on seen or block me when he doesn't want to be disturbed. Now, even when I tell my boyfriend that he can focus on work, he would tell me "doing that as we speak babe" while talking to me. The right person will always make time and will never be too busy for you.
My husband and I decided to start saying "I need attention," and honestly, it's a real relationship timesaver.
There is a difference between a person who hurts you by making a mistake, and a person who hurts you by continuing a pattern. Mistakes can be forgiven. Patterns should be broken.
Honey, you deserve a man who does not mind hurting other women's feelings to protect yours.
My mom can meet you one time and tell me if you are permanent or temporary in my life, and she is always right.
We talk a lot about cutting people off, but nobody talks about the grief that comes with having to stand firm on that decision knowing it's not what you wanted but what was necessary for your well-being.
Idk who needs to hear this, but your mental health is more important than that situationship.
May your next relationship cause you to say "I prayed for this. It's here. I'm so thankful I didn't settle."
Be patient, somebody will give you the world without you asking.
I hit the best friend jackpot for sure.
I like when texting someone becomes a routine, like it's not normal if you don't talk to each other all day.
your life has been since you stopped dealing with certain individuals?
I don't regret you but sometimes, I wish I had walked away at the start and left things at hello.
From "I love you" to "User not found" - a true love story.
Adult female friendships are mostly sending memes and helping diagnose sociopaths in each other's lives.
We deserve road trips, beaches, and hangouts in this stressful year.
I just heard someone say "just because you love me doesn't mean I feel loved by you." Wow.
You're getting too comfortable again. Remember what happened last time.
Believe me. Your friend's love life will also be your problem.
If you let her know that she is your priority and remind her from time to time how much you care, you'll be amazed at how many problems disappear in your relationship.
The "A" in my name stands for angel sent from heaven ©. I'm pretty sure it stands for anger issues but okay.
Every family needs a daughter who is expensive but mentally unstable, a short-tempered one with anger issues, and someone who hates noise but is loud.
Telling your partner where you are, who you are with, what time are you coming home is not being controlled, it's showing RESPECT.
Hold your best friend close because I miss mine. She's still alive, she just has the audacity of living way too far away from me.
Imagine how heartbreaking it must be to suddenly stop talking to the person you thought you'd marry.
To that one friend I feel safe telling anything, thank you.
I find it very manipulative that our angry side is always seen as our "true colors." As if when I'm happy and being kind; I’m being fake. All the good that we are and we're just reduced to our angry days or episodes?
Today my professor said, "you don't truly love someone until they've hurt you and you still think of them as the greatest person you've ever met. Love is a violent act."
"I know we were temporary," she said. "Sometimes people come into your life and all you can do is appreciate them while they're there; and try not to get attached to the way they bring light into your life; and try not to miss them when they leave."
When you have a friend who checks on you and wants nothing but the best for you, keep them dear. Such souls are rare.
To my friend who never treated me as a competition and is always happy for my success. Thank you and I love you.
Breaking someone's heart is deeper than we realize. It destroys their outlook on love, breaks their heart, rips their self-esteem to shreds, tortures their mind, and damages their soul. Don't let them fall for you unless you plan on picking them up.
Take time out today to tag somebody that you know is working hard and tell them you're proud of them. Whether they're working hard to be a better person, run a business, or chase a dream. You never know who may need to hear those words to keep going.
To that one friend I feel safe telling anything, thank you.
Mention someone you're thankful for.
Seeds are born to fly away when leaves are meant to fall, for God made soil out of passion, it's time for you to fly.
Me seeing my favorite person for the 1st time: the 6385th time.
The worst thing about being independent is nobody will ask if you're Okay because all they know is you're strong.
I have two best friends I go to for advice. One uses logical and rational thought, and the other hypes me up to do dumb stuff. Balance.
Me and my best friend watching some drama that's absolutely none of our business.
I'm a very observant person. So if you think I didn't notice, I did... I just decided to keep quiet and avoid drama.
I promise you, no friendship, relationship, or job is ever worth damaging your mental health over. Period.
Let's be happy in private. What people don't know, they can't ruin.
We all deserve someone who at the end of the day says: "I missed you so much today."
I just want to thank special people in my life who have listened without judgment, helped without conditions, understood with care, and loved me no matter what.
Plans for the night? Let's take pics that we can never post. Seen.
I don't accept apologies, you did what made you happy at the expense of my emotions. I understand it, but I don't respect it.
Boyfriend who leaves early for work, girlfriend who stays in bed and gets a forehead kiss and goes back to sleep for a little bit.
Telling a girl she is a priority vs treating her like she is a priority are two completely different things.
Psychology says: When you are ignored by a person whose attention means the most to you, the reaction in your brain will be similar to physical pain.
Some of you don't even realize how you light up rooms and inspire people just by being you. You're literally magnetic, and you don't even realize it.
I want to work on myself with you by my side, and I want you to work on yourself with me by your side. Life ain't easy; let's do this together.
I respect a person who knows their energy is off and keeps their distance because they don't want to transfer it onto you. I don't think some people understand how real that is.
Sex is everywhere. But support, commitment, and loyalty are not. Take very good care of your partner.
Be so proud of yourself for passing your hardest moments alone while everyone believed you were fine.
My best friend will still be my best friend in another 70 years, no matter what.
Why do the best people live so far away.
Don't rush anything. Good people end up with good people.
Yesterday, I read the phrase "At some point in your childhood, you and your friends went outside to play together for the last time, and none of you knew it."
Who is your go-to person when you feel like your world is falling apart?
Maybe home is nothing but two arms holding you tight when you're at your worst.
You've got 12 hours and 3 friends to eat every banana in here for $10,000. Who you choosing?
The first time I met you, I had no damn idea I'd love you this much.
Does anybody else have that friend that you're pretty sure is your soulmate but in a friend way?
That emotionally unavailable guy you love so much is actually a terrible f***ing person.
Stop thinking you need a relationship to be happy. Sometimes all you need is just money, traveling, and new clothes.
I wanna sit on a rooftop with someone at 3 am just looking at the stars.
I saw a post that said "I wasn't myself for months and nobody noticed." I felt that.
Don't mess up a good thing by digging too much. We all have a history. If you want someone, work on being their future. The end.
Falling in love is easy. Having sex is easier. But bumping into someone who can spark your soul, now that's rare.
My parents told me "the problem with putting others first is you've taught them you come last" and that hit me hard.
When you have a friend who checks on you and wants nothing but the best for you, keep them dear. Such souls are rare.
Remember I'm always here for you. I'm here for you. I'm not doing well.
Toxic is when they can't let you go, but they can't treat you right either.
She isn’t the easiest girl to love.
She has this bad habit of overthinking, she tends to overreact more than she should, and she gets a little insecure every once in a while.
She isn’t capable of fully trusting you, she doesn’t know when to stop fighting with you even if she’s wrong, and she has no problem pushing you away if she feels like you’re close to hurt her.
She'll be needy for your attention, she’ll want to literally take up all of your time, and she'll require a lot of reassurance.
Loving her means you get to see her at her worst and most vulnerable and that is something that you'll have to be strong enough to handle because she needs someone who’s patient enough to understand why she is who she is today. It’s not gonna be an easy relationship with her.
But if she is in love with you, then she can promise that you'll be loved with such passion and intensity that you'll forget what life felt like before she came along because she'll always be there to put your heart back together after breaking it.
Maybe she’s not the best at being loved, but she’s pretty amazing at loving.
Dear best friend: I am tagging you here, so you remember that you're not allowed to leave me, not now or ever.
will rather visit 4 countries in two weeks than feed 600 people at my wedding.
I was arguing with my best friend, and in the middle of it she took her glasses off and said, "I don’t wanna see you right now."
A guy like this: "Babe, I don't care if we're completely quiet on the phone, I just like the fact you're there."
Do you ever realize how truly happy you are when you're singing in the car with your friends.
People nowadays don't want partners, they just want someone who acts as a partner and is loyal to them while they mess with other people.
I'm marrying the guy that will dance with me around the kitchen in the refrigerator light at 2 am.
Date to marry. Not to date for one or three years and break up. That's why I'm willing to fight for anything to keep the relationship going.
Sex is everywhere. But support, commitment, and loyalty are not. Take good care of your partner.
A good relationship is when yesterday's fight doesn't ruin today's communication.
Hours with the right person feel like 3 minutes.
My best friend will always be my best friend, and she's been my best friend through all my mental changes and all my phases and stuff that would make you look at someone differently over the years. I love her with my whole heart.
Friendship is when you send them 30 messages in a row even after they read your messages and didn't reply, but you have no shame, and you know they're your BFF, so they won't judge another 300,000 messages.
Shoutout to the low-maintenance friends, the ones you don't talk to for months because you're both busy in life, but when you meet up, there's nothing but love.
Nonsexual turn-on? Someone who stands by the people they care about.
Who's your blue? Blue is someone who is your comfort. The one person that takes away all of your pain. Someone that you know will always be there even though you've put them through a lot.
Things you may need to hear this week: Seeking reassurance from yourself is as valid as seeking it from others.
Things you may need to hear this week: Have confidence that today will be a good day.
From "replied to your story" to "being part of your story."
Me? Cheat? I reread our favorite messages when I miss you.
I wanna do everything with one person forever. Argue, grow, love, heal and get rich.
If I ask you about your day, I want details.
He's not just my man, he's my home, my rest, my heart, and my safe place.
It brightens my day when you tell me how something you saw reminded you of me.
Have you ever sacrificed your sleep just to talk to someone?
Who's your yellow? Yellow is someone who saves you from being alone. Someone who does everything for you. The reason for your smiles.
Marry the guy who will play with your hair, who will pray with you and for you, who won't mind holding your cold hands, who will go on long walks with you, marry the guy who is your best friend. But most importantly, who knows how to make you laugh when you're upset.
If she's important to you, show her. What the heck is so hard about that?
No debt, blame, perform toot.
You just have to find one that does.
Clothes are meant to lay onto on ON.
Nov define your Wavavobe, not the other silly youth.
She's supposed to be that annoying person you adore.
She says corny things but it makes you smile.
You're the only one that makes everything better.
She tells you how she feels all the time so you don't forget how much you mean to her.
When you fight, she goes to sleep sick to her stomach and stays that way until you make up.
She doesn't text or call you at times because she doesn't want to annoy you.
She gets mad a lot but you know she's just worried.
You're the only one that can make her smile like never before.
Save water, shower together.
When Drake said, "the good ones go if you wait too long," I hope y'all heard that.
Having male friends who actually look out for you and protect you.
I am 101% in love with you.
Your eyes stole all my words away.
Just give him three days.
Just wait three days, no text, no call, no nothing. Then see if he comes back.
But what if I can't wait for three days though?
You should feel loved without feeling like you're begging for it.
You only see a person's true colors when they're mad at you, drunk, or with their friends.
Love doesn't hurt you, a person that doesn't know how to love does.
Waiting for someone to act correctly is a disrespect to yourself. You're compromising your worth just because someone can't fully afford it.
If you really love that person, learn to wait. Maybe you're not meant to be together today, but meant to be in the future.
Sometimes you just have to let her win because losing the argument is easier than losing her.
A man in love with you can't stay a day without hearing from you. No man is too busy for the love of his life.
Marry that man who calls you back after an argument just to remind you that no matter how difficult things get, he isn't going to leave you.
Adult friendships require appointments now.
Even the prettiest women could feel insecure if she loves the wrong man. What makes her beautiful is a man who can treat her right.
A break from someone will either make you realize how much you truly miss/love them or how much peace you have without them.
My bestie drives... I am not a passenger, princess; I am a survivor.
One of my biggest faults is that when I ask someone their name, I forget to listen to what their name is.
Me opening my eyes after washing my hair for 0.2 seconds because I think a demon is watching me.
My grandma said be comfortable waiting a little longer for the things you deserve. This is the best advice I’ve heard.
My grandma said forgive yourself for not knowing what you didn't know before you learned it. I think more people need to hear this.
You're loved. Someone out there loves you more than you think.
Your anxiety will tell you the worst-case scenario. It's lying to you.
You mean so much to your friends and family. They may not say it as often, but they really do love you.
You're strong and you can get through everything, one step at a time.
It's okay not to be okay. But make sure you speak to someone and let go of any negative emotions.
You are not bothering anyone at all, they would love to hear more of your thoughts.
You've already survived things you didn't think you'd survive.
No matter what anyone tells you, you're beautiful, smart and you matter.
The person who tagged you in this wants you to know you're strong, beautiful and can take on anything.
You're my favorite. My favorite pair of eyes to look into. My favorite name to appear on my phone. My favorite way to spend an afternoon. You're my favorite everything.
In this busy world, People who try to make you smile by sending memes/reels are the real ones.
My grandma said some people will lose you because they're not ready for the real thing. This hits me hard today.
My grandma said be forgiving. Be understanding. But do not be a fool. This is so true.
My grandma said ignoring the red flags because you wanna see the good in a person will cost you later in life. This hits different.
My grandma said don’t change your heart, change the people you're giving it to. This is what I needed to hear.
I pray for my relationship because I love who I got.
Please communicate with me when I’ve done something that bothers you or you don't understand. Let me apologize and learn.
When they listen to you, understand your situation, and help you figure it out
Stop breaking your own heart by trying to make a relationship work that clearly isn't meant to work.
You can’t force someone to care about you.
You can't force someone to be loyal.
You can't force someone to be the person you need them to be.
Sometimes the person you want most is the person you're best without. You got to understand some things are meant to happen, but just not meant to be.
Some things are meant to come into your life, but not meant to stay. Don't lose yourself by trying to fix what's meant to stay broken.
You can't get the relationship you need from someone who's not ready to give it to you.
And you might not understand why now, but I promise you your future will always bring understanding of why things didn't work out.
Don't put your happiness on hold for someone who isn't holding onto you. Some chapters just have to close without closure.
My grandma said if we don't tell people how we feel, how will they know? This hits me hard.
My grandma said a good relationship is when yesterday's fight doesn't ruin today's communication. Wow.
My grandma said maybe home is nothing but two arms holding you tight when you're at your worst. This hits hard.
My grandma said you cannot get mad at your partner for expressing what upsets them. Even if it isn't that deep to you, it may be a serious matter to them. I don't think I've heard anything more true.
I wanna do everything with one person. Argue, grow, love, heal, and get rich.
Everyone has one friend that can turn any conversation into something dirty.
You become unstoppable when you realize that you can do it alone.
I hope you realize how amazing you are.
Your mental health is way more important than any friendship, relationship, or your career.
Don't let anyone or anything bring you down. Trust me, it's not worth it.
Even when you trust someone, keep some things to yourself.
Be okay with people not liking you; most don't even like themselves.
You can always choose to be happy no matter what happens in your life; being sad is never an option.
Don't waste your time stressing about things you can't control.
You are beautiful and you are doing great. I'm proud of you.
Someone who updates you because they know how you overthink while waiting for them is a TOP TIER green flag energy.
"Neck kisses, coffee dates & midnight car rides."
"You're it, you're my person."
One day, I'll marry you.
If we ever in a "don't laugh" situation, bro do NOT look over at me.
When you finally meet the right person, but now the wrong person is you.
Rule number one: Never be number two.
Learn to be alone, not everyone will stay.
Peace over drama, distance over disrespect.
Stop losing your mind over people that don't mind losing you.
Nobody is too busy, it's just a matter of priorities.
Moments became memories and people became lessons. That's life.
It's okay to quit on someone who is not trying, you deserve effort.
Just be real, it saves everyone's time.
Sometimes you meet someone and you just know from the first moment that you want to spend your whole life without them.
I think one of my favorite feelings is laughing with someone and realizing halfway through how much you enjoy them and their existence.
Distance is my new answer to disrespect. I no longer react, I no longer argue, I no longer dive into drama. I simply remove my presence.
Shutting down instead of communicating is just as toxic as arguing.
There are two types of tired: one that requires rest and one that requires peace.
I love remembering all the dumb stuff we've done together and thinking "that's why we're best friends."
Never underestimate the power of good morning texts, apologies, and random compliments.
Feeling safe in someone's energy is a different type of intimacy. That feeling of peace and protection is really underrated.
When you and your friends agree on the same bad decisions.
When someone helps you when they're struggling too, that's not help, that’s love. Read that again.
Someday, all the love you've given to the wrong people will find its way back to you in someone who's waited their whole life for your kind of love.
You're not supposed to win or lose arguments. You're supposed to reach a mutual understanding and agreement. Otherwise, you both lose.
I miss friend dates. Like I just want to hang out with my friends, eat together, and spill tea about our day-to-day life.
Life is too short for shitty sex and bad relationships. So go find someone who makes love right and treats you how you deserve to be treated.
Learn your partner's love language because all your right things may be all their wrong things.
You don't need a lot of friends, just the right ones.
Psychology says: When you are ignored by a person whose attention means the most to you, the reaction in your brain will be similar to physical pain.
If a girl sticks around and gives you time to mature, that isn't love. That's a whole wife you're sleeping on.
Being kissed in your sleep and being pulled closer within cuddles is such a top-tier form of affection.
I have no more fight in me when it comes to friendships and relationships. If you want to go, just go.
Let this be the last year you tolerate unsupportive friends, family and fake love.
I was toxic to some, I was a blessing to others. Some I healed, others I hurt. I'm willing to admit that I wasn't always right.
I don't care how much I like you, I'll leave you alone if you make me feel confused.
I don't accept apologies, you did what made you happy at the expense of my emotions and I understand but I won't respect it.
After a while, you realize "this ain't what I wanna keep going through" and you just stop.
Date someone who stays OBSESSED with you, not just in the beginning.
Don't be shocked when life starts to get good. You deserve that.
You cannot repeatedly disappoint somebody and expect their energy to still crave you.
My mentor told me: "Showing your emotions to people is like bleeding next to a shark." And I felt that.
Learning how to leave people alone and go on with your life is a much needed skill. You must master it.
Stop being the one who always makes efforts. Relax and let the ship sink.
Couples don't breakup anymore, one person acts like an asshole till the other person can't take it anymore.
"Husband material" doesn't leave you confused, insecure, alone and unloved, ladies.
It hurts so much when you can feel yourself becoming less and less important to the person who means the most to you.
I saw a post that said "I wasn't myself for months and nobody noticed." I felt that.
A person in 2 months can make you feel what a person in 2 years couldn't. Time means nothing, character does.
Never give up on someone you can't go a day without thinking about.
Even the strongest feelings expire when ignored and taken for granted.
May all your "soons" turn into "finally."
Cuddling in bed and falling asleep together is probably the best feeling in a relationship.
Someday, all the love you've given to the wrong people will find its way back to you in someone who's waited their whole life for your kind of love.
You glow different when you have good people with good intentions in your life.
If you want long-term relationships, make sure that you're ready for the boring days, tears, arguments. It's not all about happiness.
That sleep after you cried your eyes out hits different.
A person who feels like home... that's a soulmate.
You can never be “just friends” with someone you've fallen in love with.
A person becomes 10 times attractive not by their looks but by their acts of kindness, love, respect, honesty and loyalty they show.
Being loved is the minimum. Make sure you are also being respected, prioritized, supported & understood.
Dumbest shit you can do is lose a girl that been down for you since you met.
Never forget how they gave you distance when all you needed was love.
Situationship - Let’s just chill, have sex, and be confused on the fact that we're not together but have official emotions for each other.
Just remember, you're one in a billion. My one in a billion.
There are two types of tired: one that requires rest and one that requires peace.
Distance is fine. Disloyalty is not. Disagreements are fine. Disrespect is not.
My phone is always in my hand so if you think I'm ignoring you, I am.
You deserve to be loved. Not liked, not lusted after, not settled for, but loved.
I'm too late for being your first love, but I'll do anything to be your last. BH
There is something so beautiful about having long-term friends that have witnessed multiple versions of you and loved you unconditionally through each version.
I will always choose u, even at the days we don't understand each other.
The first time I met you, I had no damn idea I'd love you this much.
When I say "be safe" I say that from the bottom of my heart.
Shutting down instead of communicating is just as toxic as arguing.
The night before a day off is more satisfying than the actual day off.
Every house has that one sibling who stresses the whole family out.
Bad communication really ends a lot of good things.
Somebody can treat you better in 3 months than someone did in 4 years.
Who saved you when you were at your lowest?
A relationship should be your happy place, not where you beg your partner to act right.
I'm honestly not mad at anyone for anything they ever did to me. You showed me you. I needed that.
Normalize not forcing connections with people. It flows, or it goes. If someone doesn't see the value in having you by their side, don't try to convince them.
One deep talk and apology can fix a lot of things, but people ain't mature enough for that.
Having a best friend that never gives up on you is a blessing.
Unfortunately, I don't wanna rebuild bonds that I didn't break. You crossed the line, I didn't so I'm good.
I don't carry any hate in my heart. If I loved you before, I still got love for you. Stay away from me though.
The night before a day off is more satisfying than the actual day off.
They swear they don't want to lose you, yet act like they don't want to keep you.
It breaks my heart knowing there are so many beautiful souls out there questioning their worth because someone they loved made them feel unlovable.
In this busy world, People who try to make you smile by sending memes/reels are the real ones.
I can't decide if I need an XL coffee, a hug, 8 shots of vodka, 832 chicken wings, or 2 months of sleep.
In the mood to be hugged for an entire day.
My best friend is very strange, saying "I miss you a lot" and the next minute just stops responding for 2 weeks.
Never forget how they gave you distance when all you needed was love.
Your soulmate will know exactly how to deal with you; flaws, mood swings & all.
The person who tagged you in this wants you to know you're strong, beautiful and can take on anything.
Sad story: Your best friend is in a different city.
"But what if I can't wait for three days though?"
"What if he doesn't even come back?"
Maybe home is nothing but two arms holding you tight when you're at your worst.
I feel like half the girls who are single right now are wife material and no one their age knows how to handle such a great package.
Do you ever realize how truly happy you are when you're singing in the car with your friends.
A good relationship is when yesterday's fight doesn't ruin today's communication.
Sometimes, having coffee with your best friend is all the therapy you need.
I'm basically just a hopeless romantic with a dirty mind who has high standards.
Who is your go-to person when you feel like your world is falling apart?
All I want to do is be free and yet I find myself desiring the pain that once defined me.
Shoutout to the low maintenance friends, the ones you don't talk to for months because you're both busy in life, but when you meet up, there's nothing but love.
Fuck nudes. Tell me about the song that kept you alive when you felt like nothing else could save you.
If you want a relationship to last, you have to keep the same energy you had in the beginning. Don't stop putting effort in just because you're comfortable.
He's so cute I wanna sit on him and hold his face like this.
I crave the most innocent parts of a relationship. Like holding hands, forehead kisses and being able to tell someone how much I adore them.
Imagine raising a mini you with the person you love.
I'd rather trust a car with no brakes than 'she's just a friend.'
You're one of those people who make my life better by just being in it.
Not a big fan of phone calls, but with the right person, I can literally go on for hours.
Being kissed in your sleep and being pulled closer within cuddles is such a top-tier form of affection.
Take time out today to tag somebody that you know is working hard and tell them you're proud of them. Whether they're working hard to be a better person, run a business, or chase a dream. You never know who may need to hear those words to keep going.
The hardest battle in life is fighting yourself, to tell yourself you have to stay strong when everything seems to fall apart.
Every time I get a weird feeling about a person, I'd be right.
People who start crying while expressing their feelings are the most innocent creatures on earth. So never hurt them.
'My feelings are hurt and I need time to process them so I can better communicate with you' is a perfectly valid response & I wish we used it more in moments of conflict.
My mean ass being nice to the only two people I like.
I miss friend dates. Like I just want to hang out with my friends, eat together, and spill tea about our day-to-day life.
Sorry but if your friend is sad over a boy for the 13675 time, you help her over the same boy for the 13675 time.
Get yourself a best friend that will love you even when you don't love yourself, and that will stick by your side even if you make terrible decisions.
Even the prettiest women could feel insecure if she loves the wrong man. What makes her beautiful is a man who can treat her right.
All relationships have one law. Never make the one you love feel alone, especially when you're there.
Ahrs with the right person feels like 3 minutes.
Having your girl as your lockscreen be hella therapeutic. You be having the worst day and look at your phone and be like 'if I can handle being with this crazy beautiful ass bitch, I can handle anything.
Dumbest shit you can do is lose a girl that's been down for you since y'all met.
Having male friends who actually look out for you and protect you.
Mood until me and babe live together.
Me when I'm mad at my boyfriend but he said something funny.
When babe is joking about something but it still makes you mad.
Me waiting for my boo to let me know that he got home safely.
I hate being in that mood where nothing's really wrong but nothing feels right either.
When he's sleeping but he pulls you closer.
I hate giving up on people, but I hate forcing things even more.
I don't want anything confusing in my life. I want everything clear, natural, genuine, and pure.
Smelling good actually makes you very much attractive.
I always figure it out on my own, I just need to panic first.
Wearing an outfit and looking exactly the way you imagined is one of the best feelings ever.
Parked car conversations are low key therapy sessions.
Look at you, you're tired but you're not giving up. I'm proud of you.
I love you this much.
Tag someone who means the world to you.
It's "bros before h*es" not "bros before your girl."
The older I get, I realize my mom was right, but I just didn't like her tone.
Let that shit hurt. Then let that shit go.
The best revenge is none. Heal, move on, and don't become like those who hurt you.
Your basic needs will be too much for an emotionally unavailable person.
May all your delulu come trululu.
Hugs are the most healing things ever.
Don't invite me anywhere with complicated parking because I'm gonna circle around and go home.
Once I touch my bed, chances are 90% that all plans are canceled.
I wanna do everything with one person. Argue, grow, love, heal, and get rich.
Help. I'm so in love with you.
I just want you to know I really love you. You are so cute, so perfect.
Do you ever just crave someone's presence? Like you would literally be happy sitting next to them in silence.
I promise that through ups and downs, you have me, always.
One day you'll wake up at 11:30 AM on a Sunday with the love of your life, and you'll make some coffee and pancakes, and it'll all be alright.
Sad story: Your best friend is in a different city.
Being called “my love" is probably the cutest thing, like yes, that’s me. I'm the one you love. I'm the only one you love. I'm your love. Say it again.
Walking away from a relationship you wanted to work messes you up.
I pray for my relationship because I love who I got.
Small wedding. Big reception. Even bigger honeymoon. That's the mood.
Your next relationship will be the one you prayed for.
I love a "come here" after an argument type of person.
At least, I have a supportive best friend.
Dear best friend: Just a daily reminder that you are beautiful and I love you.
If you see me and my bestie arguing, don't mind us. That's how we communicate.
Little do my friends know they are healing me every time we hang out.
I need a food friend. Every Friday night, we go try a new restaurant.
Advice from best friend be like start crying.
She isn’t the easiest girl to love. Maybe she’s not the best at being loved, but she’s pretty amazing at loving.
Every good friendship always starts with “when I first saw you, I thought you were a bitch.”
When you finally meet the right person, but now the wrong person is you.
You're gonna miss that girl that didn't want anything from you but time and affection.
Sometimes spending time with your best friend at the beach is all the therapy you need.
Name an artist you think has NO bad songs.
Date someone mature enough to say "let's fix this" instead of just acting childish and ignoring you.
Being married someday is going to be so cool. Like you get to come home to your best friend every single day and just do life together.
Dear best friend: Just a daily reminder that you are beautiful and I love you.
Date someone who stays obsessed with you, not just in the beginning.
Best things in life start with C.
I love a "come here" after an argument type of person.
A safe man comes into your life and loves you correctly. No sneaky stuff. No half love. No extra females. No inconsistency. Just you and you only, sis.
To my favorite person, be safe every day. I love you.
She’s a 10 but you have to be patient with her because she’s never been loved right.
You think I will leave you? I literally look at the pictures of you to cheer me up when I'm having a bad day.
You meet your 18-year-old self, you're allowed 3 words. What do you say?
Stay away from people who act like victims in the chaos that they created. Comment the time you received this message.
I will choose you over everyone. Even on the days when we don't understand each other.
The last thing you ate is what you have to name him.
I am 101% in love with you.
When you and your friends are going through sh*t, but you're in it together.
Me seeing my fav person for the 1st time: the 6385th time:
Shoutout to girls who haven't felt okay lately, but get up every day and refuse to quit. Stay strong, queens.
To that one friend I feel safe telling anything, thank you.
Never faked my 'I miss you' and 'I love you,' the only thing I faked is 'I'm okay.'
The amount of lessons I've learned since 2019 feels like different lives.
I love hearing 'we' and 'our' when my partner talks. It's small affirmation.
Adult life is constantly saying to your friends, "Let’s do something soon," and suddenly 6 months have gone by.
Everyone has that one friend who can turn any conversation into something dirty.
You're about to receive a series of good news.
When I say, I miss you, I really do mean it.
I'm not the type of person to only say those three words when I need something from you.
If I tell you that I miss you, it means that you mean a lot to me.
Not only does it mean that you have positively impacted my life.
But it also means that I want you to stay.
I know people come and go, and that's life.
But I'm going to be honest, I want you to stay in my life.
Not all 2am conversations are with lovers. Some long conversations are with friends we can never replace in life.
Sis is tired. Sis needs a vacation. Sis needs a massage. Sis needs a shopping spree. Sis is me. I am sis.
May all your "soons" turn into "finally."
Take this ring. Marry the first person who appears when you press @.
Today my mom told me, "If your absence doesn't bother them, then your presence never mattered to them in the first place," and I felt that.
Sorry to interrupt your scrolling, but are you okay? Be honest.
Dating me is like, "Are you awake? Because I am, and I want attention."
Forget a breakup, have you ever been in that weird stage where you're more than friends but less than a relationship?
I pray for my relationship because I love who I've got.
I have a bestie that I don't see every day, but our love will never change.
I swear to God my best friend makes my life 100x better.
Unrequited feelings: At one point, we were everything. Now I can't even speak your name. Nothing lasts forever.
Obsessed with sunrise, sunset, flowers, the moon, and you.
Even the prettiest women could feel insecure if she loves the wrong man. What makes her beautiful is a man who can treat her right.
Dear best friend: I am tagging you here so you remember that you're not allowed to leave me, not now or ever.
Me trying to flirt: I have feelings for you... So what are we? Feelers.
I got a relationship where my boyfriend is my best friend who consistently irritates me 24/7, but I can't go an hour without him.
I want to work on myself with you by my side, and I want you to work on yourself with me by your side. Life isn't easy; let's do this together.
At least I have a pretty best friend.
I mentioned you because I want to scream to the world that "I love you!"
My friends and I only talk about people who deserve it. We aren't gossipers; we're vigilantes.
My best friend is very strange, saying, "I miss you a lot," and the next minute just stops responding for 2 weeks.
Has anyone else felt like this lately?
I can be your angel or your devil.
This year I lost, won, failed, cried, laughed, loved, but above all, I learned.
When you remove negative people from your life.
We hurt our own feelings by thinking we mean more to people than we really do.
When my bestie drives... I am not a passenger princess, I am a survivor.
We deserve road trips, beaches, and hangouts in this stressful year.
Telling a girl she is a priority vs treating her like she is a priority are two completely different things.
To my friend who never treated me as a competition and is always happy for my success. Thank you and I love you.
I love remembering all the dumb stuff we've done together and thinking that's why we're best friends.