Don't ever call me lucky. I prayed, sacrificed and worked hard for mine
God has a million ways to turn your situation around that you never thought of
Sometimes i wish i was an octopus so i could slap eight people at once
if it's for you, it will come to you, no chasing, no anxiety and stress. what's for you can never pass you by. trust the process
hey! you look so beautiful and happier since you let go of that toxic relationship
life always get crazy right before your blessing come. stay focused!
my love language is prayer
sometimes you have to remind yourself, it's not a loss it's a lesson
it's okay to see the good in someone, but don't use that as an excuse for someone with treats you no good
some disconnections are blessing. trust me.
healing also means taking a look at the role you play in your own suffering
i'm learning to allow myself the space to just figure it out. not everything needs to be aligned right away.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.
Dream big and dare to fail.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Chase your passion, not your pension.
The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Opportunities don't happen. You create them.
Don't wait for the perfect moment. Take the moment and make it perfect.
The biggest risk is not taking any risk. In a world that is changing quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks.
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission.
Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.
Life is short, and it's up to you to make it sweet.
Sometimes you have to create your own sunshine.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second-best time is now.
Live in the present, remember the past, and fear not the future, for it doesn't exist and never shall. There is only now.
Life is a journey that must be traveled no matter how bad the roads and accommodations.
Don't count the days, make the days count.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.
Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.
You are never too young to dream big.
The youth need to be enabled to become job generators from job seekers.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Youth is the hope of our future.
Youth is the joy, the little bird that has broken out of the eggs and is eagerly waiting to spread out its wings in the open sky of freedom and hope.
You are the future, and the future starts with you.
Youth is not a time of life; it is a state of mind.
The youth of today are the leaders of tomorrow.
Embrace your youth, for it is a time of endless possibilities.
make it happen, girl. shock everyone!
support yourself, motivate yourself, speak for yourself and pray for yourself
stop looking for your phone and make something!
don't rush the process, good thing take time.
believe me, good thing are coming for you!
if its doesn't challange you, it won't change you
that dream was planted in your heart for a reason
A girl should be two things: who and what she wants.
I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day, and I believe in miracles.
Be happy with being you. Love your flaws. Own your quirks.
She's not a girl, she's a legend.
I am my own experiment. I am my own work of art.
Girl power is about loving yourself and having confidence and strength from within, so even if you're not wearing a sexy outfit, you feel sexy.
If you are always trying to be normal, you'll never know how amazing you can be.
I was made exactly the way I was meant to be made in who I am.
Find out who you are and do it on purpose.
They'll tell you you're too loud and you need to wait your turn and ask the right people for permission. Do it anyway.
There is no limit to what we, as women, can accomplish.
Half woman, half warrior. Delicate and strong.
Girls should never be afraid to be smart.
Whatever the problem, be part of the solution.
A really strong woman accepts the war she went through and is ennobled by her scars.
I've always done whatever I want and always been exactly who I am.
If one man can destroy everything, why can't one girl change it?
The question isn't who's going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
As soon as I accomplish one thing, I just set a higher goal. That's how I've gotten to where I am.
It's never overreacting to ask for what you want and need.
You don't have to be anyone but yourself to be worthy.
It's not your job to be likeable. It's your job to be yourself. Someone will like you anyway.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
A strong woman looks challenge in the eye and gives it a wink.
People who are truly strong lift others up. People who are truly powerful bring others together.
Always the most important rule of beauty, which is: Who cares?
I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.
I like that I'm not typical.
My beauty is not about how I look. My beauty is about my heart and soul.
Make more than the guys you thought you wanted to be with.
Give a girl the right shoes and she can conquer the world.
A woman can say more in a sigh than a man can say in a sermon.
I do not believe in using women in combat because females are too fierce.
I don't mind living in a man's world, as long as I can be a woman in it.
In passing, also, I would like to say that the first time Adam had a chance he laid the blame on a woman.
Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good. Luckily, that is not difficult.
I'm tough, ambitious, and I know exactly what I want. If that makes me a b*tch, ok.
I had no idea how to get guys to notice me. I still don't. Who cares?
I love women. They're the best thing ever created. If they want to be like men and come down to our level, that's fine.
I'd much rather be a woman than a man. Women can cry, they can wear cute clothes, and they're the first to be rescued off sinking ships.
It is amazing what a woman can do if she only ignores what men tell her she can't.
Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.
You can love someone so much, but you can never love people as much as you can miss them.
The heart will break, but broken love on.
The cure for a broken heart is simple, my lady. A hot bath and a good night's sleep.
When you are in love, and you get hurt, it's like a cut - it will heal, but there will always be a scar.
Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.
I'd rather love a million times and have my heart broken every time than hold a permanently empty heart forever.
Some people are going to leave, but that's not the end of your story. That's the end of their part in your story.
When we are in love, we are convinced nobody else will do. But as time goes, others do do, and often do do, much much better.
Every time your heart is broken, a doorway cracks open to a world full of new beginnings, new opportunities.
Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
It is strange how often a heart must be broken before the years can make it wise.
And they can't understand, what hurts more — missing the other person, or pretending not to.
It's amazing how someone can break your heart and you can still love them with all the little pieces.
Perhaps someday I'll crawl back home, beaten, defeated. But not as long as I can make stories out of my heartbreak, beauty out of sorrow.
I think you are wrong to want a heart. It makes most people unhappy. If you only knew it, you are in luck not to have a heart.
Hearts can break. Yes, hearts can break. Sometimes I think it would be better if we died when they did, but we don't.
Loving you was like going to war; I never came back the same.
The hottest love has the coldest end.
You can’t buy love, but you can pay heavily for it.
There is something bleak and barren about a world that is missing the person who knows you best.
Unable are the loved to die. For love is immortality.
Only time can heal your broken heart. Just as only time can heal his broken arms and legs.
I wish I were a little girl again because skinned knees are easier to fix than a broken heart.
My heart no longer felt as if it belonged to me. It now felt as if it had been stolen, torn from my chest by someone who wanted no part of it.
To fall in love is awfully simple, but to fall out of love is simply awful.
A relationship, I think, is like a shark. You know? It has to constantly move forward or it dies. And I think what we got on our hands is a dead shark.
So it’s true, when all is said and done, grief is the price we pay for love.
Stab the body and it heals, but injure the heart and the wound lasts a lifetime.
I think heartbreak is something you learn to live with as opposed to learn to forget.
It is strange how often a heart must be broken. Before the years can make it wise.
My tongue will tell the anger of my heart, or else my heart, concealing it, will break.
Back then, in those first days, I was so alone that every day was like eating my own heart.
Thinking of you is a poison I drink often.
The shattering of a heart when being broken is the loudest quiet ever.
I’d rather have a broken arm than a broken heart.
I don't think anyone can give you advice when you've got a broken heart.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
Sometimes, when one person is missing, the whole world seems depopulated.
Love hurts worse than getting slammed by a 250-pound linebacker.
The broken heart. You think you will die, but you keep living, day after day after terrible day.
My feet will want to walk to where you are sleeping but I shall go on living.
When your heart is broken, you plant seeds in the cracks and you pray for rain.
The greatest tragedy of life is not that men perish, but that they cease to love.
Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn’t it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up.
There is an ocean of silence between us… and I am drowning in it.
