I met the saddest and happiest version of myself this year.
Tips for a successful relationship: Don't start.
I am the unpaid photographer of my friends.
Don't ever tell me what I did when I was drunk; that's none of my business.
I love you, that means I'm not just here for the pretty parts and the happy days. I'm here for the rough and the bad days. I'm here no matter what.
You're drawn to each other. When you're in the same room, you slowly gravitate towards one another. Usually, you don't even realize that you're doing it.
Time flies when you are together. Have you noticed that when you are together you lose track of time? It's like nothing else matters so long as you're with them.
You feel a deep spiritual connection to them. The idea of a deep spiritual connection between two people is an indicator of special chemistry. If you've ever experienced this, you know the feeling well.
They make you feel good about yourself. If this is the case, then you're very lucky because you'll have a partner who will always think the best of you.
Not paying attention to people around you. Wherever and whenever you are with each other and doing whatever, it feels as if it's just the two of you who are most important, and you are the only two people in the world.
A healthy relationship is the most important thing in our lives. Especially when both people push each other to become the best version of themselves. If you want to become the best version of yourself and be financially free, take the first step now!
Another year is almost gone and I just want to thank special people in my life who have listened without judgment, helped without conditions, understood with caring, and loved me, no matter what.
Next dude that breaks my heart, I'm telling everybody he left me for another man.
Me and my best friend don't even know our friendship anniversary.
We went from November 1 to November 26 in just 3 minutes.
My ex used to speak 4 languages: English, useless, lies, and nonsense.
Sometimes it's better to block people than argue.
Invest in your looks. Get that facial, get those eyelash extensions, get your hair and nails done, buy those shoes. Invest in yourself. When you look better, you feel better, and you do better.
More often than not, something is not obtained because there's no attempt to obtain it.
There is one thing that is much more harmful than a poor execution of an idea - and that's hesitation.
Action, even if it results in failure, is superior to an idea that is never acted on, never brought into reality.
Hesitation breeds insecurity. Insecurity breeds more hesitation. More hesitation breeds more insecurity. The downward spiral continues until one either gives up or takes action. And action breeds courage and confidence. Which leads to more action. The danger of making a mistake or failing is still there. It is just that now, one knows how every mistake and every failure is nothing but valuable feedback to be used in further pursuits.
The difference between winners and losers, rich and poor, is that ones continuously take action and the other overthinks and fears failure. If you want to start taking action and change your life, you need to learn how to take the right action that will lead to results.
I'm so private, even my friends are confused if I'm talking to someone new or the same person.
I was not expecting to be single this long.
If you miss me, just show up at my house with food, damn.
I will forever love my best friend; that girl is my soulmate.
What's your plan B if nobody marries you?
When you're around the right people, all you do is laugh.
Due to unforeseen circumstances, I can only afford to pray for you all this Christmas.
I do not care about people not liking me; I actually be trying to make it worse once I found out.
ME: I'm sad; I need a purpose. MY BRAIN: Did you say a purchase?
I have two best friends I go to for advice. One uses logical and rational thought, and the other hypes me up to do dumb stuff. Balance.
If you're a nerd, lift weights. If you're jacked, read books. A jacked nerd is unstoppable.
Believe in your heart and soul that you are capable of big things in your life. Remove your glass ceiling.
The ultra-successful people always follow a schedule and stay disciplined. And most importantly, they all take massive action.
I'm a hardworking lazy person. Yes, we do exist.
The pain of marrying the wrong person is worse than your present fear of not getting married before 30. Take note of this.
Please don't be rude to me because my rude will outrude your rude and I'll make you cry.
I used to tolerate a lot because I didn't want to lose people, but now, I don't give a [expletive].
When my best friend drives, I am not a passenger; I am a survivor.
I don't date anymore. I just foster until they find their forever home.
A man who updates you because he knows how you overthink while waiting for him is a top-tier green flag energy.
Now I started believing, I can't find my partner on this planet.
You all looking at Spotify Wrapped, but it was you who got played the most this year.
Stop transferring money to your savings if you're just going to transfer it back.
I love seeing people recover from messed up situations to end up getting the success they deserve.
Started the year single. Ending the year single. Consistency is key.
Currently accepting applications for a sugar daddy, must be okay with no physical contact or communication of any sort.
5 years from now, I will be the woman of my dreams. Financially secured, glowing, succeeding, and happy.
The pain will come - Let it visit, cry it out, vent it out, bleed it out: And then ask it to leave - Do not allow it to build a home and call it broken. We aren't meant to be broken forever: That is punishment to our hearts and minds.
I wanna do everything with one person forever. Argue, grow, love, heal, and get rich.
I miss my man or her man or our man, whoever's man it is, I miss him.
Being excited to get in bed is a different level of adulting.
Nowadays I use my imagination to make myself happy.
Don't change your vibe to fit in someone's life!
Maybe we were meant to meet, but not to be!
Being sad is a waste of time; find a reason to smile.
One beautiful heart is better than a thousand beautiful faces.
Life is not easy for introvert people with an extrovert mind.
Your ex will have a whole new relationship and still be mad at you for doing you.
If cutting me off makes you feel like your life will be better, then do it. However, do not try to come back when you realize I was never the problem.
A healthy relationship is one of the most important things in our lives. Especially when both people push each other to become the best version of themselves. If you want to become successful and live the life of your dreams too, you can start today by reading the caption.
I don't want to end this year on bad terms with anyone. Apologize to me.
Throwing a drink in someone's face is still on my bucket list, I don't know.
Sometimes a simple "Hi" can be the beginning of the next 3 years of trauma, so I don't reply.
I will match your respect, but I will top your disrespect. Don't play with me.
If you want flowers on February 14, plant now.
Before I agree to 2023, I want to read the terms and conditions.
Not all exes are bad; look at me, I'm someone's ex, and I'm the best.
Dear best friend, if you ever feel bad, call me. I promise to sing for you. Then you can decide what's worse.
I'm not Rihanna, so I don't love the way you lie... I'll block you.
Other people's relationships inspire me to continue being single.
My exercise routine is too strict. 5 minutes exercise and 5 weeks rest.
Don't change your vibe to fit in someone's life.
Life is better with true friends.
Be with someone who respects you even when you're not around.
Reminder: You can't change a person who doesn't see an issue in their actions.
Your priority shows your maturity.
If you see me and my bestie arguing, don't mind us. That's how we communicate.
Too stressed these days, ain't good for the baby. I'm not preggy, I am the baby.
The audacity to think I'll be nice after being disrespected.
About to end the year with no kids. Auntie is still standing strong.
Remember who checks on you when you get a little quiet. Those are your people.
I wanna marry him and annoy him the rest of my life.
I am a very forgiving person. So if I stop talking to you, you really went too far.
Sometimes you just have to close your eyes and press place order.
I'm not regular broke, I’m high class broke. I’m Broque.
Nobody gives me butterflies anymore. You all just give me anger issues or trust issues.
I post stuff on purpose because I know somebody is minding my business.
I hate when people set an alarm and it wakes up everybody except for them.
Congratulations to my man for having me as his girl.
He’s a 10 but doesn’t mind that I’m crazy so he’s a 20.
Looking for someone that wants to get drunk and throw dildos at strangers. No weirdos please.
Stop trying to force the wrong person to love you the right way.
Never losing myself again for anyone.
Sometimes trusting people is quite traumatizing.
Never force people to choose you.
Stay away from people who act like a victim in a problem they created.
Avoid people who blame you for their own toxic behavior.
A private life with your favorite people is a happy life.
I pray 2023 treats my man well. I hope he gets everything he’s been working hard for.
Education gives you knowledge. Intelligence is the ability to apply that knowledge. If the best you can do with a Master's Degree is to work a job you don't even like, you've wasted your time, money, and education.
Going to school and getting a job isn't the golden ticket society has made it out to be. People are broke, unhappy, and wondering where they went wrong. They went wrong when they followed somebody else's plan.
Life is tough but at least I have a good, supportive and beautiful mama.
I love singlationships... we're both single but you're still mine.
There is one person who holds you back from achieving your dreams and goals in life, and this person is You! It's always you vs. you; win yourself, and you can achieve everything. Don’t wait, and take the first step for your dream lifestyle by reading the caption below.
May the tears you cried in 2022 water the seeds you're planting in 2023.
I got no time forcing anything, you talk, I talk, you don't, I won't.
Slowly accepting the fact that life doesn't always go the way we want.
Imagine having to celebrate Christmas and a birthday 2 weeks apart.
I wanna grow old with my man, but he's already old.
That one friend that never left your side no matter what happened.
2022 was a hard year. I fought many silent battles, wiped my own tears, and survived. Please, 2023, be easier.
"Which is more important, the journey or the destination?" Me: Mom's permission.
I'm just patiently waiting for my best friend’s wedding.
This year is almost gone. Not all our friends and family made it. Never take for granted the people you love. Be thankful for today, because in one moment, your life could change.
I'll never forget who gave me a hard time when I was already having a hard time.
I told myself never again... and I did it again.
One thing about me, I’m gonna be late, but I’m coming though.
None of my friends are mentally stable, but they're all really pretty and nice.
I wanna move to Mars and hang out with aliens. I'm tired of humans.
Drinking with your friends is fun until one of them starts crying and wants their ex back.
I remember when I was young; I used to say that once I grow up, I will help poor people... Now I grew up, I am the poor people.
All I do is work, come home, blink, and then I'm right back at work again.
Your mental peace should be your priority.
Speak less, listen more. React less, observe more.
Stay loyal but not stupid.
Alcoholic of the year award goes to the second person on your taglist.
What's your favorite place? I don’t have a favorite place. I have my favorite person, and whenever I’m with my favorite person, it becomes my favorite place.
Sorry I got mad when I was hungry.
People see me spending money and think I’m rich. Bro, I’m just irresponsible.
I’m the fine auntie with no kids.
From BABE to ADD FRIEND. A true love story.
The only ex I miss is ex-tra money.
I may be single for Christmas, but at least I'm not buying gifts for a cheater.
Only thing left on my debit card is my name and expiration date.
I don’t post my relationships. I get played in peace, I learned my lesson.
I don’t even feel special when a guy likes me anymore... you guys like everybody.
Sorry I didn’t answer, I was on Tiktok watching someone restock their fridge and put things in clear containers for the last two hours. My bad.
I was flirting for fun but now I’m waiting for his notification.
Adult life is constantly saying to your friends, "Let’s do something soon," and suddenly 6 months have gone by.
My age no longer allows me to suffer for love, so if you see me sad, it is because of a lack of money.
It’s hard to buy your partner something for Christmas when he got everything when he met you.
There were tears you cried in 2022, may that clear your vision of all the beautiful things you'll come to see in 2025.
My gift to my mom this year was that I didn’t make her a grandmother.
Shoutout to my best friend for giving me the best advice even though I don’t listen. I love you and I’m sorry. Don’t give up.
I think I owe myself one bad decision before the year ends, just one.
Ending the year with the most wonderful partner ever.
Good things start with M.
Merry Christmas everyone except you, marry me.
It’s not overreacting. We all have different sensitivity. If it hurts, it hurts.
I'm single but I’m unavailable and very uninterested.
I hope next year is the happiest year of my life. I really deserve it.
Making someone a cup of coffee is a love language.
Me and my bestie planning a whole vacation knowing damn well we don't have money.
That last hurt was my last hurt. Nobody getting that close to me again.
Thank you for being part of my 2022.
I’m keeping this new dude private. I overhyped the last one.
To avoid spending so much time feeling upset, offended, or annoyed, remind yourself to stop taking things personally. The things people do and think have everything to do with them and nothing to do with you. You are only in control of your reaction, not their perspective.
Closure is not something you receive from someone else; it's something you find within yourself.
Feeling safe with someone is so important.
In 2023 and beyond, I'm no longer forcing things. No longer forcing relationships. No longer forcing friendships. No longer forcing myself to suppress emotions. No longer forcing myself to stay in things I've outgrown. I can't lose anything that is meant for me.
You are so capable. Stop doubting that.
The power and simplicity of deep breathing and its positive effects on your brain and physical health cannot be underestimated.
Looking at my circle of friends, I don’t see myself attending any wedding soon. Very nonsense set of unserious people.
Don’t spend another year doing the same thing.
Little do my friends know they're healing me every time we hang out.
You won't have to remind the right one how to treat you. Remember that.
My age is pretty weird; some are getting married, some are getting pregnant, and me... still asking permission to go out.
I miss my boyfriend... I don’t have one but I feel like I miss him right now.
New year, new me. I’m gonna be worse.
I'm that friend everybody’s parent loves cause I look innocent.
I'll look sexy next year, this year I’m not in the mood.
Lord please let me have this person for the rest of my life.
"Approved," "accepted," "congratulations," all in 2023.
To whoever I will be next year, I hope she’s happy with what she’s doing, fulfilled, settled down, at peace, and just living the best life.
2023 will be a better year.
Happy new year to my long-distance bestie. I love you and I miss you.
The A in my name stands for Always right.
Cheers to the love we don’t wanna let go but we have to.
I can’t wait to have new adventures this year with my best friend.
Ending my year single. Starting my year single.
I want my whole squad to succeed. Not just me, all of us.
I'm in my bitchy era. I wasn’t appreciated when I was sweet.
I express my love by being annoying, I’m sorry.
My time as an alcohol drinker has come to an end.
I'm at the stage in my life where I don’t wanna be crazy in love anymore. I wanna be calm in love, patient in love, happy in love, and understood in love.
Everyone: “Why aren’t you married yet?” Me: “Just lucky, I guess.”
1993 babies, we're turning 30 this year.
FAKE LOVE: "love you, miss you, you are my world." TRUE LOVE: block, unblock, block, unblock.
It’s me and my blurry eyes against the world.
One day you will meet someone who will understand your story and protect you because they won't want you to suffer the same pain again.
Sometimes it’s better to block people than argue.
Adult friendships be like: "I miss you. Let’s hang out in March."
I failed as a person, I’m a dinosaur now.
Sometimes having coffee with your best friend is all the therapy you need.
If being single was a sport, I would have been representing my country at the highest level.
From talking until 6 am to being blocked. A true love story.
My best friend is very strange, saying “I miss you a lot” and the next minute just stops responding for 2 weeks.
Sometimes I’m single. Sometimes I’m engaged. Sometimes I’m married. Sometimes I’m divorced. All depends on who is asking.
My best friend is pregnant. Don’t mind me, I’m just practicing.
My last relationship taught me one thing that I never want to feel like I’m begging for someone’s love, ever.
Don’t force love. Don’t force bonds. Don’t force connections. Don’t force convos.
To that one friend I feel safe telling anything, thank you.
No matter how strong you are, there was a relationship that almost took you to the mental hospital.
Manipulation is when they blame you for your reaction to their toxic behavior, but never discuss their disrespect that triggered you.
And one morning, your name didn’t hurt. I didn’t stalk you. I didn’t miss you. I was finally happy.
Congratulations to people who found best partners with pure intentions.
You may be broken now, but someone out there will come into your life and you will be broken pro max.
At my age, don't ask me about my likes and dislikes. I like having money and I dislike having no money. Simple.
Don’t leave your coffee for too long and then be surprised why it’s cold. I'm not talking about coffee.
The “married by 25” mindset I had back in high school is looking real 30-ish.
I want somebody crazy over me. I'm tired of being the crazy one.
I'm officially at that age where if something is too loud, I’m irritated.
Cheers to us who are single and just enjoying life right now.
Let’s be happy in private. What people don’t know, they can’t ruin.
Before you judge someone about their anger, ask them about their pain.
I apologize if I ever was a toxic person in your life. I’m maturing more every day. Correcting my wrongs and slowly but surely becoming a better version of me.
Me and my man have the funniest moments together, that man really is my best friend.
When you cut off someone from your life, they will never tell people the full story, they will only tell them the part that makes you look bad and them innocent.
That special person born in February.
Fergie was wrong big girls cry a lot.
I got the prettiest bestie.
A relationship with no gender roles. We hustle, we both clean, we both cook, we both pay, and we both spoil each other.
At this point in life, I don’t stress myself to communicate with people. If you talk to me then okay, if not then okay.
Don't get too attached, remember what happened last time.
I value my privacy and my personal life, so if I open up to you, you must be very special.
The age I’m turning this year sounds serious, and I don't like it.
Never go back to someone who chose someone else over you, don’t do that to yourself.
I'm the unpaid photographer of my friends.
I like me better with no feelings.
You will never know the damage you did to someone until the same thing is done to you. That’s why karma is there.
Nomination for my date on February 14 is now officially open.
There’s always 3 best friends. ‘The trouble maker, the one with the "I don’t care" attitude, and the innocent one.
My friends and I only talk shit about people who deserve it. We aren't gossipers; we're vigilantes.
I once begged someone to love me the way I loved them, and that’s the saddest thing I’ve ever done.
Maybe if I get another piercing and change my hair, I'll feel better.
I'm good at ignoring people too, don't test me.
Sorry to say this but, being a good person doesn’t get you loved, it gets you used.
If you get ignored once, take the hint and never bother them again. Self-respect is more important than someone's reply or attention.
After an unsuccessful relationship, you become a professional relationship advisor.
Tag someone who is hardworking and tell them you're proud of them.
I’m mature yet immature. Sometimes I have a good mindset, but sometimes I have toxicity. Just correct me in a respectful way.
I may be single on Valentine’s day, but at least I ain't begging for the bare minimum and chasing a red flag.
People my age are getting married, and I struggle between what pictures and apps to delete when my storage is full.
Girls are girls. They will wait for your reply without texting you.
Enjoy every moment with your partner because you gonna block each other one day. I know.
None of my friends are mentally stable but they’re all really pretty and nice.
Sometimes you're not sad, you just need money.
I'm getting tired of people thinking I’m 17 or 18, bro I’m 25 years old.
Once I realize I’m sharing you, I’m done. I need a soulmate, not a hotspot.
Leaving my bed every morning is probably one of life’s most difficult tasks.
I be texting my best friend “we got this” knowing we don’t got this, and we both need therapy.
Stay single until you don’t have to constantly remind someone how to be better or how to treat you right.
I’ve decided my 2023 will start on February 1st. January is definitely a free trial month.
Being alone is not boring. For me it’s my comfort zone. I love my own space.
I think my single era might be permanent, to be honest.
Him: Long time no talk. Me: Let’s keep it that way.
This is the fastest January in the history of Januarys.
My boyfriend has such a pretty girlfriend. He's so blessed. Wow.
Effort. That's what I appreciate the most. People who try.
A man who always asks permission before doing something because he respects and considers your decision.
I'm not in a relationship, but I'm into someone.
When you're softhearted but have the rudest mouth.
I gave everyone respect before I disrespected them. Remember that.
Romeo got Juliet, Jack got Rose, and you, you got played.
I got no energy in me to save any friendship or relationship. That old me is dead.
I'm at the age where checking Gmail is part of my social media routine.
The relationship between a boyfriend and a girlfriend is very psychological. One is psycho and the other is logical.
Arguing with me is pointless. I knew I was wrong 10 minutes ago. I'm just trying to make you mad now.
I just want to travel, take pictures, drink coffee, and be happy.
Private relationship is good until you find out you're the 4th one.
If I'm communicating, I care. If I'm quiet, I'm done.
The 2nd person in your tag list will be your Valentine.
The work me, the house me, and the outside me are 3 different people. We all look different.
Call me boring, but I just want a simple wedding. No fancy hall, no expensive dress, no food, no guests, no husband.
Having a dirty mind with an innocent face is truly a blessing.
I can't wait to receive nothing on Valentine's day.
Not all of us were created to cook, I was created to hold a conversation with the one who's cooking.
To those who watch my life and gossip about it. Don't give up. Season 2 is coming.
I'm now single, I was single before, but now I'm extra single.
As you grow older, unnecessary noise starts to irritate your soul.
I really miss those days back in 1989 when I didn't even exist.
Looking at my friends, I don't see myself attending any wedding soon.
Unfortunately, people have a right to decline your love no matter how pure your intentions are. You are not what they want, and that is okay.
I'm free on February 14, by the way.
Date someone that makes you roll your eyes and smile right after.
I watched you slowly unloving me.
I believe in love but not interested in a relationship. There's a difference.
Kinda wanna date someone but kinda never wanna risk getting my heart broken again, do you see my dilemma.
To my best friend, promise me not to hide yourself when you're in pain. It's unfair that we laughed together but you cried alone.
Please stop inviting me to plans that involve alcohol because I will come.
In the era of good looks, I still fall for behavior, vibes, and kindness.
I pray my favorite people will end up with someone who treats them right. I just want them to be genuinely happy.
Half of my problems are because of my tone of voice. Everyone thinks I'm arguing, while actually, I'm just talking.
She is working on 3 things right now. Herself. Her life. Her peace. She is me.
2022 - "If he wanted to, he would." 2023 - "If he won't, another man will."
Don't ask me for relationship advice, I'll make you single.
Might start dating again soon. Kinda miss being stressed out.
Adult female friendships are mostly sending memes and helping diagnose sociopaths in each other's lives.
Don't disturb my peace if you are not ready for me. I'm a whole blessing, not some damn fling.
As long as my crush is single, I'm fine.
Stuck between I wanna love someone and I'm better off single.
Scary part is, you don't know if you're getting played or if someone is really into you.
I'm not Rihanna so I don't love the way you lie... I'll block you.
The way I care for people makes me wish I had somebody like me in my life.
I got a bestie who I don't see every day but our love will never change.
For the longest time I thought my love language was quality time. I just realized it's a bank transfer.
If I really care, I'll try 100 times but once I'm done, it's over.
Single people, what are we doing today?
Having a supportive partner can literally change your life.
I would post my man but he might be your man too.
I think I'm the nicest rudest most caring nonchalant idgaf person you'll ever meet.
No, we didn't date. Technically he wasn't an ex. But he was an ex-something, an ex-maybe, an ex-almost.
Stay single until someone sends you a full essay of why they want a relationship with you.
I know you miss that person but you still deserve better.
Blocking is for weak people, I want you to see my posts and cry.
I really pray everyone finds the right circle of friends and the right partner. Life is already hard, relationships should be the least of our worries.
I will never forget who checked on me when I was at my lowest.
Sis, this is your winning year.
All I attract are talking stages. Lord, if I'm a customer care representative, let me know.
With me, you get a homie, a lover, a best friend and psycho.
My best friend is such a good mama.
I hate when people think I'm mad or sad just because I'm not talking. No bro, I'm just lazy to speak.
Sometimes the right way to love is to leave.
I don't care who is doing better than me. I am doing better than I was last year. It's me vs me.
Seeing people walk out from my life is really painful, I want them to run.
Dating me can be stressful, I can make fun of you even for being romantic.
Sometimes no matter how nice you are, how kind you are, how caring you are, how loving you are, it just isn't enough for some people.
You're old enough already, go flirt.
Here's to the woman I'm going to be. May she be well-dressed, glowing, succeeding, and happy.
I've been choosing peace over people lately. So far no regrets.
I'm really enjoying my privacy these days. I don't care to be seen, heard, or prove any points. Just living and elevating in silence and peace.
I hate when those butterflies turn into traumatized experiences.
I want to text you but the last text is mine. So never mind.
Not gonna lie, the age I'm turning this year sounds a little serious and I don't like it.
All I want in life is to lose weight and gain money. But here I am, gaining weight and losing money.
Have you ever been in one of those moods where you don't really know what's wrong, but you feel really irritated with everyone and everything.
I like rumors. I find out so much about me that I didn't even know.
I'm no longer following my heart. That bitch gives bad directions.
Shoutout to my best friend for giving me the best advice even though I don't listen. I love you and I'm sorry. Don't give up.
You don't get the same me twice, the second comes with zero emotions.
"Tag the person you have the best drunk memories with."
Sometimes, people stay single not because they don't want to be loved, but because they are tired of lies and broken promises.
Dating me is fun. You get a comedian, a mental patient, and a pornstar all in one.
"How close are you to your best friend?" We talk on different topics on different apps at the same time.
Girls don't really give a shit about looks, you know. I have seen some gorgeous girls heartbroken over some questionable creatures.
She's a 10 but you have to be patient with her because she's never been loved right.
Sometimes you have to be busy to feel nothing.
Never choose someone who's unsure about you.
I always get jealous a lot because I feel easily replaceable.
I'm not overreacting, if it hurts me... it hurts me.
This is the wrong generation for people with good hearts.
Praying for the woman I'll be in 5 years. I hope she's happy, loved, and living her best life.
I don't mind being the villain in your story because you're a clown in mine.
Let it hurt until it hurts no more. Always remember that. It takes time to heal.
Congrats on leaving that toxic relationship.
To the girl who is reading this, I hope you realize how amazing you are. I hope you go to sleep with a smile on your face. No tears, no stress, no pain. Don't let anyone or anything bring you down. Trust me, it's not worth it. Just wanted to tell you that you are beautiful. Keep your head up.
Never give anyone enough power to take you back to the days of being triggered and unhealed. You've worked too hard to become better than that. It's simply not worth it.
When my bestie drives, I am not a passenger princess, I am a survivor.
Learning to be calm when you're disrespected is power.
I automatically go silent when I hear something that hurt my feelings.
When love visits again, may it be safe, secure, genuine, and reassuring.
I told myself never again and did it again.
I'm learning to just be silent. Most things don't even deserve a reply.
I value my privacy and my personal life so if I open up to you, you must be very special.
"Open up" I don't know how. Sometimes we don't have the courage to speak, so even if it hurts, we prefer to remain silent.
That breakup saved you.
I need to stay single, because I love too hard and in this generation they don't appreciate that anymore.
The older I get, the more introverted I become. I don't leave the house unless I have to.
You will never know the damage you did to someone until the same thing is done to you. That's why karma is there.
Sometimes I tell people different stories about my life. So when they gossip about me, they'll argue.
The girl I am today... I love her.
To that one person who understands my attitude, thank you.
Me and my best friend don't even talk every day but we both know it's till death do us part.
Sorry for not posting too much these days. I'm in love. I'll be back when I'm heartbroken. Bye lonely people.
It's nothing personal but sometimes I don't feel like texting people back, and I don't know why. I just don't.
Sometimes being with your best friend is all the therapy you need.
I used to tolerate a lot because I didn't want to lose people, but now I don't care.
She's not difficult, she just wants to make sure you are serious before she gives her heart... because when she loves, she loves hard.
People are wondering why I'm single and don't take anyone seriously, but every time I focus on somebody they show me why I'm better off alone.
A ride or die friend, a partner in crime who has seen you at your worst and helps you to be your best.
If you're between age 18-35, read these 8 uncomfortable truths before it's too late:
95% of people will not reach the last slide. This shows that you are part of the 5% that finish what they start.
Stick to the plan... You knew it wouldn't be easy.
Sorry if I got distant. My priorities have changed. I have goals that require my full attention.
Be uncomfortable for a few years to be comfortable for the rest of the years to come.
To be successful at anything, you don't have to be different. You simply have to be what most people aren't: consistent.
Some of you are unhappy with your life but party every weekend. What exactly are you celebrating?
If your circle of friends aren't discussing: Success, fitness, escaping the 9-5, business, self-development, and giving you positive encouragement, then build a new circle.
Discipline leads to habits. Habits lead to consistency. Consistency leads to growth.
Girls notice everything. From your change of emotion in texts, to your short responses and always giving reasons not to hang out. We notice.
Gossiping with men is a different type of funny.
Life is short. I no longer have the energy to tell people what they did wrong, be blessed and have a great life.
Cooking for someone will always be an act of love for me, one of my love languages.
How to tell someone you hate them politely. "You're the Monday of my life."
The first person in your taglist is your go-to-person when you feel like your world is falling apart.
My toxic trait is knowing the truth before I ask, because I wanna see how good you lie.
Don't beg. Don't chase. Don't be needy. Relax. When you relax, it'll come to you.
Are you ready to take action and make your dreams a reality? Or will you just sit there, reading this post and waiting for your life to change on its own? You only get out what you put in. Don't wait any longer, start taking the first step toward your dream life NOW. Take the first step toward your dream life, start today, By: Reading the caption.
Deep conversations with the right people are priceless.
Some day, you will look back and know exactly why it had to happen.
The best weight you'll ever lose is the weight of other people's opinion of you.
I have two best friends. One I go to for rational advice and the other gets me drunk. Both are necessary.
Arguing with me is crazy cause my goal isn’t to win, my goal is to make you as mad as I can.
One day you will meet someone who will understand your story and will never want to see you hurt again, just be patient.
People need to understand that once you go through your worst time alone you really don’t care who stays in your life anymore.
My toxic trait: I don’t get over it, I just get past it. I haven't healed from a lot of things, I’ve just accepted them for what they are.
I got no time forcing anything. You talk, I talk. You don’t, I won't.
Next time I feel butterflies, I'm chugging down a bottle of tequila so they drown.
One minute you're young and wild, the next you're into air fryers.
Someone out there feels better because you exist.
Always be ready to survive alone, some people suddenly change, today you're important to them, tomorrow you're nothing to them, and that’s real life.
Congratulations to those who moved on without closure, an apology, or a conversation. I know it hurts, but staying would have hurt more. Keep healing. Peace looks good on you.
Single because why let someone else ruin your life when you're perfectly capable of doing it on your own.
Dear best friend, thank you for not giving up on me.
Dating nowadays is basically hanging out with someone until they leave you and go back to their ex.
I'm so bad at letting go and moving on but once I’m over you, I’m over you forever.
Learn to be done with people. Not mad, not bothered. Just done.
Tag the most dramatic person you know.
Not totally healed but at least feeling better.
It’s so hard not to have trust issues when you've been lied to by every single person who told you they wouldn't.
Hard pill to swallow... sometimes the person you want does not deserve you.
I'll be always here to irritate you.
He has no idea how much I pray for him, his safety, his future, everything.
I'll remove myself before I allow anger to consume me. I like to love. I like to be happy. So if I gotta distance myself to keep things that way, I will.
Everyone needs a “no matter what” friend. Someone you can call no matter what, someone you don't have to explain yourself to no matter what.
Every family has that one sibling that stresses the whole family out. I am that sibling.
You forgave someone who wasn't even sorry. That's strength.
I hope I don't marry someone who comes home and ruins everyone's mood. I hope I don't become someone who comes home and everyone's mood is ruined.
Shoutout to my dad for teaching me how to be a man even though I'm his daughter.
Having your own money as a female is so important.
"You're so tiny" yeah but my attitude ain't.
Yes, my best friend and I are aware of how obnoxious we are when we're together. No, we do not care.
The only person that deserves a special place in your life is someone that never made you feel like you were an option to them.
Don't force love. Don't force bonds. Don't force connections. Don't force convos.
If hurting me doesn't hurt you, don't ever tell me you love me.
The way I love don't fit with this era.
Never allow yourself to become an option. You deserve better than that.
You deserve a healthy love. Remember that.
Never forget how they gave you distance when you needed love.
I either drink coffee or I say bad words. Just kidding. I do both.
Being an adult is basically just worrying about money and not getting enough sleep.
“You're so chill” thanks I gave up.
Having a boyfriend that can deal with my attitude is everything. Only the strong survive honey.
Shoutout to all the single women that complain about being single but never go out. Just waiting on Mr. Right to break into your house.
I think it’s extremely important, especially in the morning to be quiet.
I want to say thank you to the few individuals in my life who have listened without judgment and loved me without conditions. You are so special to me.
Sorry for the person I become when I'm hungry... I don’t know her.
I want a coffee, a tattoo, and a vacation.
A supportive best friend: “As long as you're happy, I’m happy.” My best friend: “Well, I don’t like him and the way he treated you.”
It's my “never again” era.
Life is short, talk to your crush.
The relationship between a boyfriend and a girlfriend is very psychological. One is psycho, and the other is logical.
No risk, no story.
The flower doesn't dream of the bee. It blossoms, and the bee comes.
Being scared means you are about to do something really brave.
The best skincare routine is having money. Everything else is a lie.
She doesn’t want to drive, she just wants to be an iced coffee passenger princess.
Please don’t judge me while I pack 12 outfits for a 2-day trip. The “you never know” mindset runs deep within me.
People are falling in love, and all I do is fall asleep.
Being single for a long period of time is dangerous. Once you see how peaceful it is, you don’t even want to deal with people.
I avoid stuff because I’m afraid of me, not you. My temper goes from zero to prison real fast.
No offense, but I’m glad we're not friends anymore.
I remember the day I gave my Facebook password to someone because I was in love.
As long as my crush is single, I’m fine.
I have no regrets about those people I already cut off; I find peace with losing them.
I'm getting married next month. It’s a small party, and only a few people will be invited. Don’t bring any gifts, just bring someone who'll marry me.
I express my love by being annoying. I'm sorry.
Sometimes you just need that one friend to rant to, and suddenly you are okay.
Single but unavailable and uninterested.
Sometimes spending time with your best friend at the beach is all the therapy you need.
One of the most toxic things I’ve done is ignore the bad in someone because I’ve wanted to keep them in my life. Never again.
April fools is canceled this year cause there’s no bigger joke than my love life.
I don’t know what to feel anymore. I be like “aww it happened again, ok.”
“Are you ok?” Oh my god no, but for the purposes of this conversation, yes I’m fine.
Controlling your anger at work is really a job.
Starting to date again so if you see me out with different people, let me know which one I look better with.
You lied to people to make them hate me. I lied to people to make them like you. We are not the same.
I love people who have genuine energy and good intentions, the real ones with no sneaky shit or hidden agendas. Those are my kinda people.
When the love is real the farts don't matter.
I'd rather be funny than pretty but good thing I’m both, you all stay safe though.
When they see you at your worst, but still think you're the best. Those are your people.
When he gives you updates on his day without you asking.
Healing makes you become uninterested in everyone and everything.
Him: I would let you ruin my life. Me: I’m busy ruining my own, you'll have to wait.
There are people that will never support you because it’s you. Then there are people that will always support you because it’s you. You just have to find your people.
Never disrespect a girl who was there for you when she had every reason not to be.
I may look normal, but I argue with kids.
To that one friend who has never been tired of listening to my problems. Thank you. I owe you a lot.
I hope April brings us more money, happiness, and peace.
From “I love you” to “User not found” a true love story.
My friends and I only talk shit about people who deserve it. We aren't gossipers, we're vigilantes.
Some think I’m single. Some think I’m taken. Don’t worry, I don't know either.
I'm at a point in my life where I don’t even know the point I’m at, but I’m at a point.
Sometimes in life we end relationships with people we love, not because we want to, but because of the way they treat us.
Sometimes we find peace in being alone.
The “A” in my name stands for Always right.
To my friend who never treated me as a competition and is always happy for my successes. Thank you and I love you.
When you're soft-hearted, but have the rudest mouth.
Sometimes in life, we end relationships with people we love, not because we want to, but because of the way they treat us.
Not everything I post is my situation. Sometimes I post your situation, on your behalf.
“Can we meet?” Sweetie, I’m just a social media person, I don’t exist.
A man who updates you from time to time because he knows how you overthink will always be a top-tier green flag energy for me.
You have been my biggest lesson but I will forever be your biggest loss.
Stop asking me if I’m single or not. If you like me, just join the team. The winner will be announced soon.
When he leaves his phone unlocked, I lock it. I have enough problems already.
As long as I didn’t do anything wrong, I don’t care if we never talk again.
Sometimes I wanna reciprocate people’s disrespect but then I look at their lifestyle and how life treats them... that is enough punishment.
There are times when my greatest accomplishment is just keeping my mouth shut.
Everyone: “Why aren't you married yet?” Me: “Just lucky, I guess.”
I’m a very observant person. So if you think I didn’t notice, I did... I just decided to keep quiet and avoid drama.
Appreciate me while I’m still trying to make things work. I am used to easily cutting people off when they did something bad.
I don't do revenge, I delete people.
I never faked "I love you" or "I miss you." The only thing I’ve ever faked is “I’m okay.”
I don’t trust words, I trust vibes. People can tell you anything, but a vibe will tell you everything.
Never expect. Never assume. Never ask. Never demand. Just let it be. If it's meant to be, it will happen.
Strong people break too. They just struggle in private and quietly rebuild.
I’ve been treated like a second option by a lot of people I treated as a priority.
The "N" in my name stands for Never wrong.
You call it coffee, I call it my emotional support beverage.
My next relationship will be private because it’s my ex again.
Just look at yourself, no crush, no relationship, no one to text, just laying in bed like a potato scrolling TikTok.
I'm single. Not lonely, not desperate, not ugly... just single.
Girls only want one thing and that starts with C.
When a woman laughs during an argument, please know that the psycho part of her brain has been activated. Abort mission.
I don’t even have mental health anymore, I am just mental.
Again, if they want to, they will.
The way I love doesn’t fit with this era.
Learn to be done with people. Not mad, not bothered, just done.
When it hurts, just sleep.
I always consider other people’s feelings without realizing they don’t even consider my own.
I'm at the point of my life where I’d rather be alone than mistreated.
Some days I want love, but every day I want money.
Everyone has that one friend who is funny but also has serious anger issues.
I like online shopping and putting everything I want in a cart, then checking my subtotal and laughing and closing the tab.
When your man is not rich but makes everything happen for you, appreciate him.
Sometimes you ain't sad, you just need some money.
If someone asks, “Are you crazy?” Simply reply, “Yes.” Boom. End of discussion.
I think I’m the nicest rudest most caring nonchalant idgaf person you'll ever meet.
True friendship is making plans to hang out and then both of you agree to reschedule, and then you do the same thing again.
When you are single, nobody likes you. But when you are in a serious relationship, boom, crushes, admirers, wizards, even ghosts appear.
Someone needs to break my heart again. I’m starting to eat too much.
At least we tried, no regrets.
Sometimes you won't get answers to the things that hurt you. Heal anyway.
You can feel when someone isn’t being real with you; energy never lies.
My anger has always been a reflection of how hurt I am; nobody understands that.
I always tell everyone to be strong until I realize I'm the weakest one.
I accept apologies but I remove trust.
Every time I addressed something that bothered me, I became the problem.
You break your own heart by telling yourself to give it another shot when you already know it is time to let go.
You're just a stranger that became my favorite person.
I'm single, but my best friend’s love life stresses me out.
Some people stay longer in the toilet than in a relationship.
Whoever did curse on my love life can chill now, I learned my lesson.
That special person born in May.
When you and your best friend have different paths in life but the bond is still strong whenever you hang out.
If you aren't happy single, you won't be happy taken. Happiness comes from food, not a relationship.
It’s all me. I work hard, I pay my bills, I maintain myself. I’m not funded, I do the funding.
The right person will love your nose.
I really appreciate the very few people I have in my life, you know who you are. Thank you.
I'm a loyal person. I'm just not a people chaser. Once I get a vibe of being unwanted, I'll leave you alone.
Stop having relationship problems with someone you're not in a relationship with.
The shorter the girl, the louder the mouth.
Soft-hearted with anger issues.
I don’t know who needs to hear this but stop stalking that person’s Instagram page, move on.
Little miss can’t function without her morning coffee.
Get you a man that’s gonna marry you and not keep you as his girlfriend for 10 years.
Sometimes they don’t leave you directly. Instead, they treat you like shit until you leave them and then they blame you.
You are hurting yourself for someone who doesn't even check if you are okay.
Don't tell my man "have a nice day" because he’s been having a nice day every day since he met me.
Hold your best friend close because I miss mine. She’s still alive; she just has the audacity to live way too far away from me.
Blocking is for the weak people. I want you to see my posts and cry.
I need a maycation; I may come back, and I may not.
People see you sad and automatically think relationship issues. No, I need money.
Simple things make me happy. If those things make you happy, you have a HUGE problem!
Want to unlock your full potential? Then follow the usernames mentioned below!
Thanks for being my unbiological sister.
My man has no idea how much I pray for him. His safety, his career, his happiness.. everything.
May everything I post confuse you until you learn to mind your business.
My best friend and I don’t talk every day but we both know this friendship is as good as a solid marriage.
When you finally stop having feelings for him and then he decides to text you again.
When I’m having a bad day, I just start spending my money.
If we're done, we're done. Please don’t text me, because I will text you back.
I’m not an alcoholic, but I got alcoholic friends.. I’m just very competitive.
I was toxic to some, I was a blessing to others. Some I healed, others I hurt. I’m willing to admit that I wasn't always right.
To my friends, that genuinely care about me. Thank you, I love you. Always.
I think the butterflies in my stomach are dead.
Every family needs a daughter who is expensive but mentally unstable, a short-tempered one with anger issues, and someone who hates noise but is loud.
I’m a loyal person. I’m just not a people chaser. Once I get a vibe of being unwanted, I'll leave you alone.
You will never be at this age again, do what makes you happy.
I’m just waiting for my best friend’s wedding at this point.
I just wanna become a calm woman when it comes to any situation. My biggest goal is calmness right now. I'm sick of irritation, anger, sadness and rage.
Dating me is so stressful, I even laugh when you get romantic.
How introverts make friends: 10% They don’t. 90% An extrovert found them, liked them, and adopted them.
The “S” in my name stands for Single forever.
I have two types of laughs. One is a cute laugh, and the other laugh just sounds like a dinosaur.
Being my friend is accepting that sometimes I reply in 1 second and sometimes in 30 days.
Some people visit my past more than I do. I don’t live there anymore, baby. I sold the whole building.
Work on your boundaries, baby. You can't be everything to everyone and nothing to yourself.
To save money, you really just gotta stay home.
I have three rules. Don't lie to me, don’t use me, and if you're tired of me, please leave me alone.
I'd like to think I’m a passenger princess but I’m probably just a passenger problem.
It's me and my “huh” against the world.
Being friends with me, you gotta understand I do not wanna talk every day.
People with a good heart are always unlucky in relationships.
When you have a friend who checks on you and wants nothing but the best for you, keep them dear. Such souls are rare.
If your intentions aren't pure, I do not want you in my life. Not as a friend, not even as an acquaintance. I’m all the way good.
Please text with purpose, we can't be hey-heying every day.
My posts are not directed to anybody, but if the shoe fits, wear it Cinderella.
Adult friendship be like: “I miss you.” Let’s hang out in June.
Strong people never give up. They might need a coffee, a cry, or a day in bed, but always come back stronger.
My wedding date is getting closer and closer, and I still don’t have a husband.
Healing can be so hard when your inner child wants love, your teenager self wants revenge, and your current self only wants peace.
All I really do is work, come home, blink, then I’m right back at work again.
I'm still far from my ultimate goal, but I am happy I found peace in my progress. One step at a time, self.
Work hard so you can shop harder.
I will never forget how lonely someone made me feel even knowing they are all I had.
I don’t accept apologies, you did what made you happy at the expense of my emotions. I understand it, but I don’t respect it.
Got treated like shit while my heart was pure. I'll never forget that.
I think I healed too much, I don’t like nobody.
When someone asks me for relationship advice. Me: Leave him.
I cannot afford another bond with the wrong soul.
Big respect to friends that don’t leave you when you're going through a hard time.
When women reach their 30s they became more attractive.
Healing makes you realize some people don’t deserve to be in your life no matter how much you love them.
I’m in my self-improvement era.
I’m not single. I’m in a long-term relationship with fun and freedom.
Princess treatment comes naturally from a man who loves you, don’t force it.
Cheers to the women who bounce back from whatever life throws at them.
“You gonna cry about it or boss up?” First of all, I’m going to do both.
I miss my boyfriend. I don't have one, but I feel like I would miss him right now if I had one.
I can’t control my facial expressions, if you irritate me, you will see it immediately.
Sometimes you need to thank God for what didn't happen.
Who's your yellow? Yellow is someone who saves you from being alone. Someone who does everything for you. The reason for your smiles.
Missing my best friend like she's my man.
At this age, I'm only interested in money, cash, more money, more cash, again money, again cash.
Who's your blue? Blue is someone who is your comfort. The one person that takes away all of your pain. Someone that you know will always be there even though you've put them through a lot.
Some people stopped talking to me because I didn't fall in love with them.
Self-love, baby, self-love. Keep choosing you again and again and again.
The 'A' in her name stands for always sleeping.
I love hearing rumors about me; you guys are creative.
As soon as they find out you're not stupid, all of a sudden you're crazy.
In the end, overthinkers are always right.
I need to start living more. Dressing up more, going places, going on adventures, taking pictures, making time after work to do things I enjoy. Just living. Life is short.
Women don't stalk, we investigate.
I mean you guys broke up 23 times, pressed charges, and blocked each other's social media, but yeah... Happy Anniversary.
They'll notice your routine and find out all your likes and dislikes even without asking.
They value efforts and consistency more than the gifts and good surprises.
No matter you're stuck somewhere in your life at 2 am, they're always ready to give up their sleep.
They're always ready to listen to your insecurities and help you to deal with the same.
They understand that words hurt deeper than the sword, so they never say mean things even when they're angry.
A healthy relationship is the most important thing in our lives, especially when both of the people push each other to become the best version of themselves.
Yeah, I blocked you, but did you email me? stand outside my house with roses? attach a note to a pigeon? no? oh okay.
I am strong because a strong woman raised me.
If I had a boyfriend and he turned into a worm, this is how I'd be.
When he replies to the story I intentionally posted for him.
When babe posts a new selfie.
This or nothing.
Some of us are building from scratch. No inheritance, no connection, no backups. Just blood, sweat, and skills.
Normalize not expecting people to treat you as you would treat them. Don't create your own disappointment through expectation.
Pray to have a partner who always has a soft heart for you.
I did that wifey stuff, loyal stuff, stayed on my best behavior, and still wasn't appreciated, so now I'm in my ME era.
I'm extremely spoiled by this dude, so if you all see me acting heartbroken on here, it's because I didn't get my way.
Leaving your house and returning back safely is such an underrated blessing.
You're allowed to do what's best for you, even if it upsets people.
Friend: I need a relationship advice. Me: Break up. Friend: At least listen to me first.
I'm keeping this new dude private. I overhyped the last one.
You deserve to be happy. Not tired, not hurt, not stressed. Just happy.
When he's mad at him vs. mad at you.
Me as a wife annoying my husband until the end of time.
Best way to warm up your cold feet.
Him: "Are you busy right now?" Me: "Never too busy for you, amor, wassup?"
I will always choose you, even on the days we don't understand each other.
I am the book you never cared to read, and you are the verse that I keep highlighting.
Having a healthy friendship is so important to me. I'm so grateful for my friends. No pressure, no jealousy, no competition. Just love and support and doing our own thing.
My problem is I'm mature and childish. I'm "mildish."
Whatever you do in life, just make sure at the end of the day you are happy. Life is way too short for stress and unhappiness.
How anti-social are you? I can stay in my room for 3 days without getting bored, as long as I have food and a good internet.
Girls be watching serial killer documentaries to relax before bed. I'm girls.
Fergie was wrong, big girls cry a lot.
Sometimes, having coffee with your best friend is all the therapy you need.
I could be so attached and still leave you alone. I want you, I don't need you.
It's easy to make 10 friends in one year. But to keep one friend for 10 years is special.
I'm starting to think that maybe not all of us are meant to get married and have kids. Maybe some of us are meant to be the drunk aunt at all family functions.
It's either I win the argument or we're gonna argue the whole day.
Imagine wasting 2 years with someone who easily forgets you within a week.
I played dumb, but I always knew.
My toxic trait is that I don't know how to ask for help, I just disappear and come back when I'm feeling better.
I don't cry over people, I cry over the way I get treated because I don't deserve that.
My trust is so messed up, I feel like I'm getting played or lied to all the time.
I'm the loudest and quietest person, it depends on who I'm with.
My problem is I always want to know why.
If you're reading this, I hope something good happens to you soon.
Being single is just safer at this point for so many reasons.
Might start dating again soon. Kinda miss being stressed out all the time.
Blessed to have a best friend that knows me better than anybody else and has gone through a lot with me and is still here.
When you're planning to stay single and now you're in love with one person.
Stop doing wife shit for dudes who deserve cold raviolis out of the can, sis.
I appreciate being treated with softness because every other part of my life I’ve always had to show up strong.
Keep going because that person in heaven doesn’t want you to quit.
That 2 friends who treat me so well.
I have no regrets for those people I already cut off, I find peace with losing them.
Anything I didn't have, my child will. Anything I went through, my child won't.
Nobody understands how much pain and anger it took for you to become this calm.
Remember to pray for your partner before you sleep. If you're single, pray for the world.
I'm getting tired of people thinking I’m 17 or 18, bro I’m 28 years old.
I told him I had traumas and he gave me another one.
I appreciate anybody who reaches out to me because I know I’m a distant person.
Seeing people walk out of my life is really painful, I want them to run.
Sometimes I tell people different stories about my life. So when they gossip about me they'll argue.
People are wondering why I’m single and don't take anyone seriously, but every time I focus on somebody they show me why I'm better off alone.
My biggest flex is that I have already found my best friend for life.
When you start loving yourself, life starts loving you, too.
I do not care about people not liking me, I actually be trying to make it worse once I found out.
The fastest way to lose weight is to just fall in love with the wrong person and see the results.
I should stop expecting true love because my attitude would never let anyone love me.
Allow someone to love you. You're getting old. Don't skip my post. I'm talking to you.
"How close are you to your best friend?" We talk on different topics, on different apps, at the same time.
Due to personal reasons, I'll be back with the same man I said I'm done with.
Adult life is constantly saying to your friends "Let's do something soon!" And then suddenly 8 months have gone by.
Don't beg for replies and attention. If someone is ignoring you, just maintain the distance and treat them as they treat you.
Money can't buy happiness but it can buy alcohol, do you know what alcohol brings?
I want my name tattooed on my best friend. I'm not asking for a lot.
I made a promise to myself, I won't ever let anyone enter my life because the last time I let someone in, I gave my pure intentions, love, trust and it almost killed me.
My crush has no idea how loyal I am to him.
Let's book a flight and leave.
I'm in my bitchy era. I wasn't appreciated when I was sweet.
Private relationships are good until you find out you're the 4th one.
Fall in love with a Gemini.
Maybe I don't need love, I just need tequila.
"We used to talk." Woah woah woah, calm down experiment 626.
I'm not in no soft girl era, I'm evil.
Somebody can treat you better in 2 months than someone did in 3 years.
When you decided to ignore someone but you're the one who's suffering.
You think you're an introvert because you like being alone, but in reality, you just love being at peace, and you're actually extroverted around people who bring you peace.
Work hard until Dior is like Shein to you.
I was so in love with you that I begged you even though I knew you had already given up on us. I'll never do that for anyone again.
You're single, you stay indoors, and you sleep early. How do you expect to find love that way?
May God introduce you to someone single and spiritually available this year.
You know what's real luxury? Your inner peace.
There is something so beautiful about having long-term friends that have witnessed multiple versions of you and loved you unconditionally through each version.
Can't believe I thought I would be a wife by 25, I'm not even a girlfriend, the heck.
God, please bring me closer to what's meant for me.
I just need to focus on drinking water and avoiding men.
That feeling when you realize you're slowly becoming a cold-hearted person because of the way others treat you.
I will never forget the way you let me suffer alone while you are enjoying the company of someone else.
Him: You're already seeing someone else? Me: Yes. There was a waiting list.
My toxic trait: I get mad about old pain even if I moved past it because I still don't understand why I deserved it.
I can't wait to walk down the aisle. To find my seat on the plane.
After gossiping about me, please pray for me too because I want to be perfect like you.
Canceling plans in the last minute is extremely disrespectful. Some people spent the whole day getting ready for you.
I don't have the energy to be a giver anymore. I need someone to show up for me this time.
I'm at a point in my life where I want to be loved correctly or left alone completely. No in-between. No second chances.
Regardless of what I post on social media or what you hear about me, I want you to understand that you don't know me.
Some days I have a man, some days I don't. Mind your business.
Stop transferring money to your savings account if you're just going to transfer it back.
Single at 25: I have to go out and meet someone. Single at 40: If it's meant to be, the right person will find me in my home.
One day you'll find someone that's obsessed with you. It's probably going to be a dog. But it is what it is.
It's official, the era of hustle culture is over. There is so much more to life than working. It's time to prioritize our lives and build businesses that allow us to live on our terms.
We don't have to sacrifice our happiness, our relationships, or our health to succeed. Watch how much faster you achieve your goals when you take care of yourself. It's time for the era of financial, time, and location freedom.
Want to level up your life? Then follow the usernames I mentioned below!
The way I am getting played, soon I'll be available on the play store.
Be her peace bro, she already can't see without her glasses.
Cheers to the pain we received even though we just want to be loved.
I am beyond thankful that I have parents that still care for me into adulthood. They're a huge blessing, and I thank God for them every day.
Telling your partner where you are, who you are with, what time you are coming home is not being controlled. It's showing respect and making sure you're safe while being out.
Before you judge me, understand that I do not care.
You glow differently when you have money.
Women with their own money don't care about nothing except how you treat them.
I don't make mistakes. I date them.
I don't care if I'm not related to my best friend, her kids are my nieces and nephews. I'm their auntie.
Someone out there is holding their breath waiting for you to fail. Make them suffocate.
There's no healing after losing a parent, we just act like it's okay.
Someday, all the love you've given to the wrong people will find its way back to you in someone who's waited their whole life for your kind of love.
This June is not juning like other Junes juned.
A moment of silence for those who hate us but can't unfriend us because they are afraid of not knowing what's happening in our lives.
I miss my boyfriend. I don't have one but I feel like I miss him right now.
I don't have a lot of friends but I'm okay with that. Nowadays, friends do the same things enemies do. I'm good.
Still being single at the age of 32. Just means I statistically avoided my first divorce.
Once you lose access to me, don't expect the same me I gave you in the beginning. Expect the version of me you deserve. From the energy you created.
Sometimes, people don't notice what we do for them, until we stop doing for them, and then they say "you've changed."
My parents raised a very respectful lady with a very bad attitude problem and the biggest heart.
If you lied to me and I find out the truth, I will never look at you the same again.
Isn't it cute that you literally tell your best friend everything like no embarrassment, no shame, nothing hidden. That's a proper best friend.
"Please be as weird as me, please be as weird as me, please be as weird as me" — me every time I meet someone.
I got called "pretty" today. Well actually, the full sentence was "You're pretty annoying!" But I only focus on the positive.
Choose someone who says, "Let me ask my girl first," not because he's scared of you, but your opinion matters.
Never forget that friend who paid your bill when your pocket was empty.
They destroyed your entire mental state and you still miss them?
If you begin to smile when you see a text, delete that number.
A special person born in July.
"What's a good age to have kids?" Financially stable years old.
I noticed many of you have the same boyfriend. Small world.
Whatever you heard about me, I'm actually worse.
Oldest daughters are some of the toughest men you'll ever meet.
Praying for the woman I'll be in the 2nd half of 2023. She’s going to be happy, healthy, loved, and living in her purpose.
Having a boyfriend is great because I always have someone to gossip to and he won't tell anyone because he wasn't listening in the first place.
Am I single? Am I in a relationship? Am I hoeing? Am I heartbroken? Find out on the next episode of I just be sharing shit.
Good luck sending me mixed signals. I don't even understand the direct ones.
Everyone needs a "no matter what" friend. Someone you can call no matter what, someone you don't have to explain yourself to no matter what.
Best things in life start with S.
I need to stay single because I love too hard, and in this generation, they don't appreciate that anymore.
My best friend and I don't talk every day, but we both know this friendship is as good as a solid marriage.
Nothing is certain in this world, but for sure, I'll still be single next year.
You are under no obligation to be the same person you were a year, a month, or even 15 minutes ago. You have the right to grow. No apologies.
Sometimes you meet someone and you know from the first moment that you want to spend your whole life without them.
I never wanted to argue; I just wanted you to understand how I felt.
Having a mama that still looks out for you even into adulthood is such a blessing.
It's always that ONE AUNTIE in the family that will tolerate all the kids.
I'm not that friend you gotta entertain when I come over. All I need is a blanket, a TV, and a charger, and you can go on about your day.
Of course, you'll find someone better than me, but with the same heart? Never.
What? June is almost over? No way dude, Julying!
Boys be like: I know I ghosted you months ago but that picture you posted kinda fire. I miss you.
A cheater once said:
True friendship is making plans to hangout and then both of you agree to reschedule, and then you do the same thing again.
Stay away from people who always consider you expressing how you feel as you arguing or being extra. It's called Gaslighting. Toxic people do that so they don't have to take accountability for their own behavior.
Focus on money, love is a scam.
If I go missing and you all post an ugly picture of me, I'm not coming home.
Stop wasting your money on things that lose their value over time.
I no longer have the energy to tell people what they did wrong, just be blessed and have a great life away from me.
Sometimes I feel like I need love, but the moment I finish eating I realize that it was hunger that made me think such nonsense.
He wanted her to call first. She wanted the same. No one called.
Forcing yourself not to talk to somebody because they don't deserve you is the hardest thing ever.
Just me and my upset tummy against the world.
"P" in my name stands for patience, that's why it's not there.
"Why don't you post me?" I only post jokes, baby, and you ain't a joke to me.
I'll never apologize for being ambitious, independent, and strong-minded. If it intimidates you, leave.
Loyalty behind your back is really top tier.
My boyfriend has such a beautiful girlfriend. Love it for him.
I'll remove myself before I allow anger to consume me. I like to love. I like to be happy. So, if I have to distance myself to keep things that way I will.
I absolutely delicious, and I hate that mosquitoes know it.
I'm the kind of girl who protects her feelings by pretending she doesn't have any.
Big respect to friends that don't leave you when you're going through a hard time.
Don't leave your coffee for too long and then be surprised why it's cold. I'm not talking about coffee.
My friends and I only talk sh*t about people who deserve it. We aren't gossipers, we're vigilantes.
Stay single until you don't have to constantly remind someone how to be better or how to treat you right.
When you're soft-hearted but have the rudest mouth.
Always be ready to survive alone. Some people suddenly change, today you're important to them, tomorrow you're nothing to them, and that's real life.
I want to do everything with one person forever. Argue, grow, love, heal, and get rich.
Imagine walking into heaven and seeing your ex there. Me: I see you got roaches. God: Don't start.
My next relationship requires a down payment in case you waste my time.
Never become a bandage to someone's wound because bandages are thrown away after healing.
One of the most toxic things I've done is ignore the bad in someone because I've wanted to keep them in my life. Never again.
Dear best friend, if you ever feel bad, call me. I promise to sing for you, then you can decide what's worse.
One thing I cannot stand is being ignored. If you're busy, say so. If you're not in the mood to talk, say so. If you're done with me, say so. Communicate with me.
Stay single until you find someone who will make you single again.
Being loved is the minimum. Make sure you are also being respected, prioritized, supported, desired, understood.
I want to work on myself with you by my side, and I want you to work on yourself with me by your side. Life ain't easy, let's do this together.
I got 0 ex's, I don't count mistakes.
God, if I was ever the reason for someone's pain, please heal them and forgive me.
A sister is a forever friend.
"Be his peace." First of all, he's the one that starts stuff to make me mad.
Never lose that friend who stays with you when you tie your shoe while everyone keeps walking.
I'd rather visit 3 different countries than feed 600 people at my wedding.
If my chats with my best friend ever get leaked, we are finished.
I so desperately wanna be the type of person that wakes up at 7 AM, has a fruit smoothie, and goes for a run. But I literally wake up at 11 and take a nap by 2.
I really am the multipurpose friend. I'm down for brunch, church, aggravated assault, working out, whatever... just let me know.
She can read 3 novels in a day but can't read your 1 message.
Before dating me, you must understand that I'll never post you, not even your hand.
Reassurance hits different when it's not asked for.
Life is too short for bad sex and bad relationships. So go find someone who treats you right and gives you the love you deserve.
I don't do revenge, but I can ignore your entire existence.
I strongly believe the Universe is teaching me patience right now, on all levels.
Due to personal reasons, I will not be reincarnating on earth again.
That 5 mins laugh with your mom always feels like all problems are gone.
Don't ask me for relationship advice, I went back to the same person 17 times.
It's time to allow yourself to be hot, rich, healthy, fulfilled, wildly in love, and very happy. You deserve it.
Dear best friend, you're doing amazing. I'm proud of you. Just thought you needed to hear that today.
Everybody loves you when you let everything slide. But as soon as you start checking things and creating boundaries, you become the most hated.
Where do broken hearts go? Back to their best friend.
Ladies, remember if your man isn't treating you right, a guy in Europe will.
Cheers to private love, private life, and private hustle.
I love holding people's arm when I'm walking, it makes me feel safe.
Him: I wanna be more than friends. Me: You wanna be cousins?
Some women only dated one man and found their soulmate. Then there's me out here doing auditions.
Them: You a texter or a facetimer? Me: a do not disturber.
Sex is everywhere. But support, commitment, and loyalty are not. Take good care of your partner.
I don't know if I'm ready for marriage. Imagine getting home after a long day and someone starts talking to you.
Going out to eat and shopping by yourself is actually one of the most peaceful and therapeutic things ever.
Trying new restaurants together is a love language.
Sometimes I replace my feelings with new clothes and I'm okay with that.
A friend who buys you coffee is a friend for life.
Some people believe I'm single, others believe I'm taken, in the midst of confusion I'll urge you all to believe in Jesus.
One thing I will never do again is overplay my role. You want a wife? Make me one.
Allow someone to love you. You're getting old. Don't skip my post, I'm talking to you.
If I bite you, it means I really love you.
My biggest flex is I can be alone for the whole day and still be happy.
HIRING: Looking for someone to take care of me financially, full time only.
Only money has the right to say "you regret losing me." The rest of you calm down.
I'm glad we didn't work out, you didn't deserve me anyway.
Never underestimate the power of good morning texts, apologies, and random compliments.
At least they left you heartbroken. Some of us were left with kids that look like them.
I love hugging someone, and I love getting hugged. I just feel important whenever someone gives me warm and tight hugs.
Sis, some people are never going to clap for you. Win anyway.
Never stop being kind to your nephews and nieces, they are your kids too.
A man's money will never excite an independent woman.
Every female bestie: Her: I broke up with him. Bestie: I'm proud of you.
Sometimes your soulmate is money. Stop forcing relationships.
It's all about who stands in the rain with you when they could be dry if they wanted to.
Never forget the ones that lent you their support in your hopeless days.
Sometimes a man's purpose in your life is to remind you that you'll be just fine on your own.
One day, you will want to send me money, but you will find me rich and I won't accept it. So use this opportunity wisely. Send me now.
I'd rather trust a car with no brakes than "she's just a friend."
There are people that will never support you because it's you. Then, there are people that will always support you because it's you. You just have to find your people.
Imagine not liking me, and TikTok letting me know you viewed my profile.
Me and my best friend giving each other relationship advice. The blind leading the blind.
He met me in my "I'm going to stay single phase," and now I'm obsessed with him.
Sometimes people stay single not because they don't want to be loved, but because they are tired of lies
I never wanted to argue, I just wanted you to understand how I felt.
Stop overplaying your role. Deal with people how they deal with you, hardly, barely, and accordingly.
You are "No one d You are v You deser You are Ry @pierrejeanty
Me: I love you. Him: more than coffee? Me: know your limits.
"Are you single?" Bro, I'm traumatized, leave me alone.
Why go cheat on me when you can take me with you, I like girls too.
God will never make you wait for no reason. Trust His timing.
Never get tired of asking God to guide you. You're currently living at least one of the prayers you used to pray. God has better plans than you, so trust Him. Sometimes all you have is God, and that's all you need.
The best relationship is no relationship. Stay single, flirt with everyone.
When women reach their 30s they become more attractive.
When you have a friend who checks on you and wants nothing but the best for you, keep them. Such souls are rare.
Get you a man that's gonna marry you and not keep you as his girlfriend for 10 years.
Having supportive, non-toxic people in your life is such a blessing.
Someone needs to break my heart again, I'm starting to eat too much.
People think I need them... You are not my glasses.
Life is hard, but at least I have a handsome boyfriend.
The way I keep my life private. Nobody knows I'm married.
He broke my heart into pieces. Now every piece loves a different guy.
An overthinking girl needs to date an understanding guy. That's it.
Mention someone who has always been there for you in your ups and downs.
Me wondering how people born in 2000 are now 23, and yet I was born in 1995 and I'm also 23.
Always make things clear to someone so they won't expect, assume, and hope.
I don't carry any hate in my heart. If I loved you before, I still got love for you. Stay away from me, though.
I never delete messages in case someone wants to lie about July 23rd, 1862.
I really ended up in an unexpected relationship with an amazing human being. I won.
My best friend is always gonna be my best friend even if we don't talk, even if we go far.
May all your delulu come trululu.
Half human, half coffee.
If you want a good woman by your side, make sure you're a good man. Love and sex don't keep a relationship strong, respect does.
Dear long-distance bestie, sorry for not calling or texting you regularly, but I want you to know that I really miss you a lot.
I was in a relationship so toxic that when we broke up, people started congratulating me.
Hugging someone taller than you is so comforting.
When they don't give a shit about you, but they text you once in a while to keep you attached.
Get you someone who calls you beautiful even though you look like a potato.
I can't wait to get married and not invite people who thought they were coming.
I could like you and still not contact you. I don't like bothering people.
The only advice I can give is, stay single.
Every time the universe sends me a sign, I'm like, "Okay, but I think I'll wait for a signier sign."
Independent women really only got two choices: A partner that's very supportive or no partner at all.
No matter how boring life gets, never get married.
I look normal until you date me, then you realize why you found me single.
Spend as much time with your parents while you can because one day when you look up from your hectic life, they won't be there anymore.
Dating someone for 4 years and then break up. Congratulations, you have a degree in "Relationship management and analysis."
When I get married, I am going to sign my marriage certificate with a pencil. I can't take the risk.
You bring one boy around your family, and you hear his name for the rest of your life like damn.
Gossiping with your mom is a different kind of tea.
Of course, size matters. Nobody wants a small cup of coffee.
This adulting life is too hard. One minute you're rich, the next minute you're a mathematician.
If you have a sister-in-law, please remember to check on them. They're really stuck living with your brother. They're probably not okay.
Sometimes I'm single. Sometimes I'm engaged. Sometimes I'm married. Even sometimes I'm divorced. All depends on who is asking.
Thanks to everyone who walked away from me, I genuinely don't miss any of you.
"Just date them both and see who's serious." That's how girls advise each other.
I wanna go back and hug my younger self so bad. That little girl went through so much. I love you, shortly.
My dad gets mad at my attitude, but I'm literally him as a girl.
It's just me and my delulu bestie telling each other "exactly."
Marry a guy who speaks good words to you even when he's mad at you. The best partner is when he's angry; he won't insult you because he has respect for you and doesn't want to lose you over a small argument.
I just want to make money, stay lowkey, and book a flight every month.
I completely ruined my mental health to stay with you just a little longer. Don't ever question my loyalty.
"That special person born in September."
When a woman wants to change her life, she cuts her hair short.
When he says he doesn't text girls back, but he replied to your fake account.
Sometimes I put extra effort into some people, and then they make me regret it later.
Some best friends have matching tattoos, but me and my bestie have matching mental issues.
With me you get a homie, a lover, a best friend, and a crazy person.
I can't wait to look good again to update my profile picture. Bear with me.
Don't talk to me about loyalty. I'm still here holding secrets for people who are throwing dirt on my name.
I am at the age where I avoid arguments. If you tell me an elephant can fly, you are absolutely right.
Dear besties, I hope we are besties forever, even after we die, we can become ghosties and scare people forever.
A woman treats you how she wants to be treated first. Then she treats you how you treat her. Read that again.
When you finally meet the right person, but now the wrong person is you.
"'I'll do it if you do it." The most dangerous friendship.
What's the cheapest thing someone can buy you, and you will be happy?
I used to always think Aunties had a lot of money until I became one.
Someone who really loves you sees what a mess you can be, how moody you can get, how hard you are to handle, but still wants you.
I got friends that I can go months without talking to them, and the bond remains the same.
My toxic trait: I get mad about old pain even if I moved past it. Because I still don't understand why I deserved it.
May he get a migraine every time he thinks of another girl that's not me. Amen.
Being too stressed these days, it isn't good for the baby. I'm not pregnant; I am the baby.
If we talk you aren't single. We're in a pending relationship. You're in the cart.
My man deserves the best. And that is why I exist.
Someone needs to hear this: You can't save somebody who isn't willing to participate in their own rescue. It's pointless.
Princess treatment comes naturally from a man who loves you, don't force it.
I look totally normal until you date me. That's when you realize why you found me single in the first place.
"What are you looking for in a man?" Someone who isn't also dating 9 other people.
"Who hurt you?" Myself bro, I make horrible decisions.
Mention a mom that is doing a really good job. Sometimes they just need to hear it.
No matter how wrong she is, if she's short forgive her. She's just a baby.
Whenever you feel demotivated please remember that you like nice things and no one else is going to buy it for you. Get to work!
I don't need a relationship. I just need a passport and enough money to travel.
It's hard to find a consistent person; everybody starts acting weird after a while.
I've never seen two calm work besties, always one of them is mad about something.
Meeting you was like listening to a song for the first time without knowing it would be my favorite.
I would really appreciate if people would stop asking me why I'm single because you don't see me out here asking you why you're still married.
I'm glad we didn't work out, you didn't deserve me anyways.
Hearing "I'm proud of you" when you're having a hard time really does hit different.
Please keep my husband in your prayers. He's having a hard time finding me.
Speaking to your partner before making a decision is not being controlled, it's respect.
Finally, I am slowly accepting that no one can handle me, I deserve to be alone.
Pain of seeing couples holding hands in town while you're holding vegetables.
Some people have me as a friend on social media, but don't like me in real life.
I don't care what anyone says. Good people get tired of being good to ungrateful people.
Don't believe those who tell you they love you. Believe those who show you that they do.
This chapter of my life is called "At least the rent paid."
I wanna do everything with one person. Argue, grow, love, heal, and get rich.
Do you want a boyfriend? Honey, all I want is clear skin, a great body, and a fat bank account.
I wish you all shut up with all the theories about what keeps a man. The only thing that keeps a man is a man that wants to be kept.
So like my birthday is coming up soon, and nobody has asked me what I want for my birthday, so it must be a surprise.
Innocent-looking girls are not really innocent, especially the ones that wear glasses.
My ex used to speak four languages: English, useless, lies, and nonsense.
I hope my best friend meets a man who loves her as much as I love her because sometimes I think she forgets how well she should be treated.
Choose a partner that is good for you, not good for your parents, not good for your image, not good for your bank account. Choose someone who is making your life emotionally fulfilling.
Sometimes a simple "hi" can be the beginning of the next three years of trauma, so I don't reply.
I'll stay single till I get the energy I deserve. Not settling, sorry not sorry.
Don't forget to drink your water and mind your own business this week.
Not all relationships will lead you to marriage. Some will inspire you to stay single.
Money doesn't impress me; giving it to me does.
Let this be the last year you tolerate unsupportive friends, family, and fake love.
I'm not like other girls; I'm worse.
She ain't playing hard to get, you're just playing hard to get rid of.
You are not required to prove your worth to anyone.
No matter what you're facing in life, eat first.
I am scared of dating because what if we don't break up.
Every group chat has that one person who reads everything but says nothing at all.
If you see me out here having dinner with an older rich man, mind your business.
PSY is still selling out stadiums in 2023.
Nothing beats screaming songs in a car with your best friend.
I wish I could tag my dog in dog memes and be like, haha that's you.
I don't know if I'm fighting demons or if I am the demon.
I miss friend dates. Like I just want to hang out with my friends, together, and spill tea about our day-to-day life.
Always check on your friends. They might be drinking without you.
No matter how photogenic you are, your ID photo will humble you.
I had the best granny in the world. I'd pick her again in any lifetime.
Cheers to those who already know they'll remain single in 2024.
Feel free to cut me off when you no longer need me in your life, don't pretend.
My future husband may be talking to his girlfriend now about their togetherness in the future. Lol, I'm right here. See you soon dear hubby.
Dear Pregnancy, please visit my bestie and give her twins. She's ready.
Shout out to all the ladies dating silently without making noise on social media. May God give you another man as a bonus.
When I say "I hate drama," I mean I hate being involved in drama. Other people's drama? Big fan.
I may look like a potato now but one day I'll turn into fries and you'll all want me then.
My best friend is very strange, saying "I miss you a lot" and the next minute just stops responding for 2 weeks.
Sometimes you're unlucky in relationships because you are the problem and God is protecting others from you.
I'll be pretty next year... this year I'm not in the mood.
The fact I gotta go to work and be my own Sugar Mama is crazy.
Respect people who wear glasses, they paid money to see you.
The stuff you heard about me is a lie. I'm way worse.
To my soulmate, I hope I still have a soul by the time you come.
If you can't handle me at my worst, don't date me because I'm always at my worst.
I'll remove myself before I allow anger to consume me. I like to love. I like to be happy. So if I gotta distance myself to keep things that way I will.
If he's cheating, cheat back. Support your man in everything he does.
A safe man comes into your life and loves you correctly. No sneaky stuff. No half love. No extra females. No inconsistency. Just you and you only sis.
Day by day, I'm training my heart to accept disappointments even from people I love.
Not scared of you. I grew up with a brother who did WWE moves on me.
If I ever post about a man with a long caption saying how he's my world, please report my account.
Just checking on you means a lot.
Allow someone to love you, you can't continue to share memes for the rest of your life.
Do you have a friend that sends you really long voice messages or are you normal?
I am the worst possible person to look at during serious situations because I will laugh at the worst moment.
Shoutout to everyone who works hard to support their dog's extravagant lifestyle.
I used to tolerate a lot because I didn't want to lose people. Now I establish boundaries because I don't want to lose myself.
HIM: You told me I was in your prayers. ME: Yeah, the part where I said deliver me from evil.
I don't care how hard this year has been. I'm not losing my faith in God.
A co-worker that you do not work with anymore but you really miss working with.
At this point I'm sure I'll meet an alien before I meet the love of my life.
I get blocked so your relationship can work out.
The bond between an auntie and niece just hits different.
Who is your go-to person when you feel like your world is falling apart? Make them feel special.
My anger has always been a reflection of how hurt I am. Nobody understands that.
Marry someone who calls you back after an argument just to remind you that no matter how difficult things get, they are not going to leave you.
Sometimes it doesn't work out with someone because they're a piece of shit who deserves a piece of shit and you're not a piece of shit.
This year has taught me that anybody can change suddenly, doesn't matter how close the bond is.
Yes, I'm single. Yes, you can message me, and yes, I won't reply.
Get you a "J," you'll be so happy.
At this point in life, I don't stress myself to communicate with people. If you talk to me, then okay; if not, then okay.
My friends are having babies, and I couldn't even get one person to call me baby.
Imagine your crush is already yours.
I need someone who will love the depressed me, happy me, growing me, worst me, and indecisive me without calling me crazy or toxic for not being able to understand me.
This whole year changed me; people ain't real, and the love ain't either.
I'm watching a serial killer documentary to calm my nerves so I can get some restful sleep. It's complicated.
Girls can survive without a boyfriend, but they can't survive without a best friend.
Being ugly is such a flex; if someone falls in love with me, I know it's because of my personality.
Every weekend I tell myself, "Susan, you have to stop drinking so much." Thankfully, my name is not Susan.
I've never loved someone in my life as much as I've loved you, and I've never felt so unloved by anyone the way you made me feel.
Having those weird conversations with your friends and thinking, "If anyone heard us right now, we'd be put into a mental hospital."