wherever feel the most free is where want, 10. be.
do as you wish. be as you are.
life is so good as soon as you let it
sometimes drop off the face of the earth. to others am missing, to myself have merely been found.
truly love capturing the radiant energy of all the beautiful souls am blessed to cross paths with during my travels - more than anything.
your vibe speaks volumes louder than any words could ever speak.
allow nothing or no one to slow your pace or affect your energy; stay consistently flowing, forever growing.
love is the answer peace is the reward.
love hard, always; and when it's reciprocated, love harder.
hope you find love in spaces you never thought to search, but fell into - by fate.
it's always better when it's real.
there are moments in life that words simply can do no justice; it's a feeling... a vibration within that radiates out of us.
acts in pure intent can heal; power of energy is real.
forgiving someone isn't approving how they wronged you, rather it's no longer allowing their wrong to define you.
make the conscious effort to be kind in your actions and your words because you never know whose absorbing your energy.
never let anyone make you feel small.
when you feel distressed, that doesn't mean find a way to run away from your feelings. you need to feel what you're feeling & know. it's ok.
get more comfortable with being uncomfortable.
We're constantly so harsh on the things that don't make sense forgetting that the most beautiful things always begin
If you just gain things easily, they're not inspiring. Obstacles are gifts. Obstacles are inspirations.
What's meant to be, will be. No manipulation, no stress, just consistency and honesty.
Saw the ocean today and there isn't much to say about it except wish you were there.
So unconditionally in love that it's hard to distinguish one ache from another
Day dreams underneath the palm trees never die.
It’s important to have people who look out for you. Don’t fight those who give love. Don’t run from those who do it out of pure intention.
Trust is as weak as a piece a paper when you have cutthroats for friends. Some people are wack like that but you learn and move
Nothing is sacred until you change the way you look at it. And before your heart is good, you have to create the space to feel it properly.
The heart travels where the heart wants. Sometimes with people, sometimes alone. Sometimes for a memory, sometimes for no
Don’t put your energy in the wrong
Practice your confidence. Practice your honesty. Practice your peace. Practice your love. Practice humility. Practice listening. Pray. More.
You attract what you vibrate the most.
Don't expect from people what they cannot give. Don't be unreasonable because you're controlled by fear and past experiences.
You are more than the fear that holds you back. You are more than the pain you feel. You are more than things they forgot to tell you at young.
If they don't like what you're bringing to the table, let them eat alone. Simple as that.
Trust is a dangerous thing to play.
Packed vibe.
What's taken for granted will eventually be taken away. Trust me, you don't want to end up missing most what you least appreciated.
Good people exist. Rare, but they exist. And when they cross, be mature enough to not play games. Growing up is a decision, not a number.
Happy is an inside job, remember that.
Do what's right for you, even if it means breaking someone's heart, including your.
Not every ounce of life needs to be digitally documented.
They listen more when you speak less.
When it comes to love... you'll know it when you feel it, and you'll feel it when you know it.
We all have those songs that sit in shapes of people we.
Honesty is soul medicine.
You can't keep putting trust in people who've shown you they can't be trusted.
As long as you're true to yourself, you've already.
If you've never lost your mind, you've never followed your heart.
Dear you, you are healing.
A man that makes you feel like a little girl and a grown woman at the same time.
Loyalty, dignity, morals, a good heart, and good character.
Caring too much about what people think of you is useless. Most people don't even know what they think of themselves.
People often mistake a humble person for a weak person... that is a mistake.
Sometimes walking away is the best thing you can do for yourself, be it people, situations, or emotions. Save yourself the hurt, walk away.
I'm not a mind reader, baby, speak up.
Don't over-think or force anything; let everything flow and cultivate organically.
Peace of mind and self-love is the best gift you can give to yourself.
Respect to anyone who's stuck in an internal battle with their demons but is still managing to keep it afloat. You are special.
True life: Everything happens exactly the way it should. Let go. Happiness finds you when your means to control is out of the spotlight.
Self-love is so important; I don't want to be in my elderly years, flicking through old pictures of myself and at the last moment realizing how beautiful I truly was.
It is what it is. It was what it was. It will be what it will be. Don't stress it.
Only you know how far you've truly come. Don't ever let that go unnoticed.
Always trust your intuition. Can't be any more simple.
Change is exactly what you need. Surround yourself with new people and better minds, be open to new relationships, good people. New friends.
If your energy and intentions are pure, stick around for as long as you wish.
When you realize and accept that you are not promised tomorrow, it is so easy to say I love you. I forgive you. I miss you. I care for you.
Don't forget to love yourself when you love 'them.
The more I worked on loving myself, the more I started to attract people who love themselves too.
I don't need you to understand me. I need you not to turn away when you don't.
Give yourself closure. If your mind is still at war with the past, you still live there. Move your battle somewhere else. You are okay.
I gained so much by walking away from some people.
Your friends should motivate & inspire you. Your circle should be well rounded & supportive. Keep it tight. Quality over quantity, always.
Your mental health should be a priority. Your mental health should be a priority. Your mental health should be a priority.
As you're taking this next breath, someone is taking their last. Stop complaining, appreciate life.
Be patient. There is nothing you can't do. Don't think about it too much. It will come to you when you are not thinking intently about it.
Just be a good person genuinely and the universe will open her arms to you.
Dear Self, being afraid of things going wrong isn't the way to make things go right. Relax.
I pray you blossom into who you know you truly are.
Trust intuition, your gut is your personal alarm clock, listen to it. Find a way to understand how it operates. Just trust that it works.
When you're filled with self-love you make better choices.
I trust everything people communicate, except their words.
I go in the direction my soul pulls me.
You water me, I water you.
My future daughter: I pray no man is bold enough to talk himself into your sanctuary and have the audacity to convince you that you need him.
Before the truth can set you free you need to recognize which lie is holding you hostage.
Your friends should motivate and inspire you. Your circle should bewell rounded and supportive. Keep it tight. Quality over quantity, always.
Strong women still needtheir hands held.
Call your mother. Tell her you love her. Remember you're the only person who knows whather heart sounds like from the inside.
Sometimes your circledecreases in size, but increases in value.
Love is buying mebooks.
Things I now know: Weirdness is attractive. Laughter isaddictive. Everybody needs someone. We all have issues. Love may hurt. Keepsmiling.
God bless the woman that chases nobody, needs no validationand minds her own.
Sex is a sacred exchange, an energy trade. Be carefulwho you share your space with, don't sleep with the devil expecting to wake up inheaven.
Don't die before you're dead.
I'm going to make you soproud. - Note to Self
Don't let go of what matters mostjust because others don't understand its importance to you.
There's nocompetition when you're manifesting your own lane.
Yo I don't think there's abetter feeling than realizing you no longer live in the same realm that you usedto. Growth is so beautiful.
You lose what you give up, but it's again if you needed to let go.
Don't take my breath away and expect me toforget all about you.
I promise from now on, anything thatdiminishes my ability to build my own happiness and peace of mind will be avoidedand eliminated.
Craving: Intellect. Substance. Deep conversation. Mutualrespect. Exclusivity. Unconditional love. An awakened mind. Real connection. Love.
If we were meant to stay in one place we'd have roots instead of feet.
Growth is a process. You gain, you lose, you cry, you grow, you learn, you try, youfail but you keep trying. Time is the real luxury.
I love hard, always; andwhen it's reciprocated, I love harder.
Grow together, glo together.
Music is the only thing that never hurts you.
Understand howimportant you are and how sacred your energy is. If nobody offers you realcompany, best to be alone.
It is what it is. It was what it was. Itwill be what it will be. Don't stress it.
Closure is such a beautifulthing. Not because it helps to fully end one chapter but because it marks thereal beginning of a new chapter.
Life is not about being better thansomeone else, it's about being better than you used to be and becoming who youare.
If we were meant to stay in one place we'd have roots insteadof feet.
You give life to what you give energy to.
My future daughter: Ipray no man is bold enough to talk himself into your sanctuary and have theaudacity to convince you that you need him.
Just like the Moon, we gothrough phases.
Pussy is easy to get, a soul is hard to reach. Sex is routine, intimacy is work. Consistency is hard to maintain but with soul, all iseasy.
I hope you find love in spaces you never thought to search but fellinto, by fate.
Love is an honest emotion. In its purest form, it needs no words.
I like poems, museums, real conversation, genuine people, text messages, Friday nights, fantasies, stories, intimacy, and soul.
There is something beautiful about unforced bonds; the energy is REAL.
Your mental health should be a priority.
A woman who reads is gold to a man who thinks.
Call your mother. Tell her you love her. Remember you're the only person who knows what her heart sounds like from the inside.
It is what it is. It was what it was. It will be what it will be. Don’t stress it.
I've endured the worst times of life alone. I don't need anyone. If you're in my life, it's because I value you and want you there.
Read books, drink water, sit with friends, speak more, write often, love quickly, be honest, exercise, call family, seek truth. You'll be okay.
God, please keep my heart pure and my mind wise.
Being 'bad' is so played out; don't be afraid to be a good woman.
Don't let go of what matters most just because others don't understand its importance to you.
Your friends should motivate and inspire you. Your circle should be well rounded and supportive. Keep it tight. Quality over quantity, always.
Your energy means more to me than your status.
Forgiving someone isn't approving how they wronged you; rather, it's no longer allowing their wrong to define you.
If you could read my mind, you'd probably lose yours.
The universe will keep hitting you with the same lessons in cycles until you learn.
I'm attracted to good people, honest hearts, people who understand value and balance, beauty and truth. The ones willing to go to war for love.
Givers need to set limits because takers rarely do.
Love your Self. Heal your Soul. Change the World.
Stay patient, stay prayed up, and everything will fall into alignment.
A healthy relationship is when two people can talk openly and dissolve any misunderstanding. Give thought and create good space and energy.
Read a book today. Drink water today. Text less today. Reflect more today. Detach today. Get closer to yourself today. Grow for you today.
I'm a little different now because of you.
Never underestimate the importance of having someone in your life who makes you want to be a better person.
I am in love with the idea that you can love a person tomorrow far more than yesterday and today more than anything you’ve ever felt or let touch.
To anyone who is struggling today, you are enough. Your feelings are valid. You matter to someone.
I'll treat you like a King if you deserve the crown.
Shit happens. But shit also, almost always, gets better. Either your circumstance changes, or your perception on the circumstance changes.
I'll choose honest over perfect every single time.
I'll never be able to look at your face without loving you.
Soul mate: I want to travel the world and make love in every country with you.
I'm honestly no longer interested in temporary moments. I need and want things to last. I'm grown, I don't have time.
I'm not a genius, but I know a good vibe from a bad one.
Travel is good for the Soul; experiences are necessary for growth.
Pay attention to what pays attention to you. If someone is giving you their best, don’t just give them average, give them all that you have.
In the end, there doesn't have to be someone who understands you. There just has to be someone who wants to.
Read more books than status updates. Look into more eyes than screens. Hold more hands than devices. Love more than you judge.
Please don't settle.
Someone once told me, the greatest gift you can give anyone is your honesty. The raw stuff. Nothing sugarcoated or painted for illusion.
Took me a while to realize that being me isn't so bad.
Love is not flowers, poems, or a phone call. Love is what you do with no obligation. No routine, or expectation. You don’t prepare for it.
Listen to a person when they look at you, not just when they're talking to you.
Sis. You being the amazing woman that you are, won't make a difference to a man that isn't ready. Remember that.
Maturing is realizing how many things don't require your comment.
I love hard, always, and when it's reciprocated, I love harder.
The only relationship I'm really trying to build and maintain right now is my relationship with God.
Smile, baby. You're alive. You've got options.
You ever miss someone but you know that you have to keep them at arm's length for your own good?
There are people that love you. Stop focusing on the ones that don't.
"I don't forget what people have done for me. I don't forget what people have done to me."
Sometimes your circle decreases in size but increases in value.
The sweetest revenge is self-growth.
Pray, work out, talk to loved ones, drink water, eat fruit and vegetables, read books, make your passion your career, and mind your business.
"I know I love you because I pray for you. Not in the way people say and vaguely do. In a way that I would for myself. Sometimes more."
I'm slowly learning that some people are not good for me, no matter how much I love them.
I want to give my parents the world.
I'm going to make you so proud. - Note to Self
God disrupts your entire life to talk to you.
A passionate woman is worth the chaos.
If they wanted to, they would.
What's yours will always find you.
This community means the world to me. For years, I struggled to find a safe place, so I created one myself. 5 years later, and it's become a space for people all across the world.
Anyway, while I'm gathering some new quotes, what have I missed?
You don't have to reconnect with hurtful people just because you've forgiven them.
Another person's silence should never make you question your worth.
"You are so beautiful, even more so today."
You can't escape vulnerability if you want to experience true love.
"Don't ever be too cool to hype up the people you care about."
Spend December letting go because the new decade needs a refreshed you, so it can give you the blessings you deserve.
Sending love to everyone who's trying their best to heal from things that they don't discuss.
We kill long-term romanticism by never really becoming good friends first.
A "fresh start" isn't a place, it's a mindset.
Be patient. The person you love also needs time to grow.
Believe in yourself so much that you get chills thinking about all that is meant for you.
2020 is very personal. I owe myself a lot.
Have you ever stopped and thought, "Wow, I prayed for this. It's here. It's happening."
Imagine waking up to the person you love every morning.
Strong women still need their hands held.
The only thing I'm committed to right now is bettering myself.
Fast love expires like milk. Patient love sticks like honey.
I cancel plans to spend time with me.
If somebody is not good to you, they're probably bad to themselves. Remember that.
May the next few months be a period of beautiful transformation.
This time next year, you're going to be in such an amazing place in your life.
I think people forget that sometimes the person who tries to fix everyone needs fixing too.
A person is unstoppable once they realize they deserve better.
Happiness comes in waves; it'll find you again.
Things to leave in 2019: boring sex, unhealthy thoughts, your fear of not being enough, mediocre friendships.
Parts of yourself.
Situationships.
Toxic addictions/waste.
Abusive relationships.
Self-inflicted pain.
I want to meet more people who make me question where they've been my whole life.
The best person in your life is the one who comes first in your mind after reading this sentence.
Remember the days you prayed for the things you have.
Nothing compares to the stomach ache you get from laughing with your best friend.
God bless the woman that chases nobody, needs no validation, and minds her own.
Overthinking is the biggest cause of our unhappiness. Keep yourself occupied. Keep your mind off things that don't help you.
Be alone. Eat alone. Take yourself on dates. Sleep alone. Take the time to understand and love who you are.
Do you ever look at someone and just pray to God you never lose them.
Blessed are those who can sit with the ones they love and truly be who they are.
There's no "right time" in life, there's just time, and you get to choose what to do with it.
Heal from the things that you never heard a sorry for.
"Never wish them pain. That's not who you are. If they caused you pain, they must have pain inside; wish them healing." - A Zebian
2020 is the year for harvest: healthy body, healthy career, healthy bank account, healthy relationships, healthy mindset.
A shift is coming, eyes will open to more truth. Trust spirit, gut feelings are angels. You deserve the highest version of everything.
Name a book that changed your life.
Changed behavior is the only worthwhile apology.
Everybody loves a woman's independence until it threatens their ego.
I love my people, but when I want to be alone, I want to be alone. The need to feel alive in your own presence - emotional intelligence.
I actually refuse to date anyone that doesn't make me feel good the majority of the time. We don't do trauma bonds anymore. Do we make each other smile? Laugh?
Are you okay?
If you love someone, you should let them know.
When someone encourages you to love yourself more than you love them, never let them go.
Bad news: you're growing, and it's uncomfortable. Good news: it's uncomfortable, but you're growing.
People not seeing the value in you is not your fault. It's theirs. Leave them where they are. Your light is meant for bigger spaces than that.
I'm a power couple with myself. I love us. We work hard.
Page 365 of 365.
Be mindful of what you carry over into 2020, or it's just going to be another...
The one who makes you an exception deserves...
You were enough yesterday. You are enough today. You will be enough tomorrow.
Always remember someone's effort is a reflection of their interest.
2020 - my first year being...
Choose people that choose you.
A break from everything is much needed every once in a while.
Shoutout to everyone who survived their own suicidal thoughts this year. Glad you're still here.
You need you more than you need them. Trust...
"Apart from marrying a good spouse, pray you marry into a good family."
Appreciate those who don't give up.
"You have the sweetest soul I have ever seen."
Accept the ending of relationships, eras, experiences...
You deserve someone who thinks you're too important to lose.
In the next decade may you find people you don't have to pretend...
When something/someone is genuinely good, you can feel it in your...
I'm slowly learning that some people are not good for me, no matter how much I love...
You don't give the forehead kiss to just...
If you're going to ask about me, ask me. I'm the only one with all of those answers.
If you meet someone that makes your life flow more gently and makes you laugh a lot, keep them close; that's all you...
I know I love you because I pray for you. Not in the way people say and vaguely do. In a way that I would for myself.
PMA a little different now because...
I'm going to make you so proud. - Note to self
There is no competition. It's just you vs. you.
Life is not about being better than someone else; it's about being better than you used to be and becoming who you are.
You will be happy again.
You can break and heal at the same time. They forget to tell you that.
People who make you feel better about yourself when you are sad are so important.
There are people that love you. Stop focusing on the ones that...
Never apologize for who you are.
It's okay to be kind without expecting kindness in return.
2020 smells like peace, happiness, and new levels of emotional intelligence.
My mom used to say, "Don't take anything personal from anyone you're not personal with."
Love hard, always; and when it's reciprocated, love harder.
Your triggers and emotional reactions are reminders of what still needs to be healed.
A lack of communication can really ruin a lot of good things.
You're better off being alone than being with someone who makes you feel...
This is your Sunday evening reminder that you can handle whatever this week throws...
Please find your peace. And when you do so, do not allow anyone or anything to disturb...
Everything will fall into place.
It's wild how many people love you when you fall in love with you.
Loving yourself is not selfish; you're recovering, and that's fine.
There's a special place in my heart for people who take responsibility for their actions.
My life isn't perfect, but I'm thankful for everything.
I won't let you down. - Note to self
It's never too late to start being who you want.
Your life is in your hands. Stop waiting for further instruction.
"It's not because I have known you so long, that I will know you for so long." - @Wonzworth
Slow progress is still progress.
Not everyone likes you, but not everyone matters.
I'll never be busy enough to not miss...
Happiness comes in waves, it'll find you again.
As I began to love myself, my relationship with everyone changed.
Be a better you, for you.
People who show you new music are important.
Things I now know: Weirdness is attractive. Laughter is addictive. Everybody needs someone. We all have issues. Love may hurt. Keep smiling.
Show me your worst, and I will show you how I love you even more.
Being lonely doesn't mean you're unloved.
Always show appreciation. What's taken for granted will eventually be taken away.
Spend more time with people who bring out the best in you, not the stress in you.
Your grades do not define your intelligence!
Relax, you're doing well today.
If you don't believe in yourself, I'll do it until...
Please practice being happy for other people. Your time will...
I'm never getting time back, so I have to be strategic and critical on who gets to spend it with me.
Tell me something you love about yourself. It can't be...
How do you know someone is for you? They bring a peace you haven't found anywhere else. They support your effort. They water your growth.
Big dreams take time, dedication, blood, sweat, tears, and...
Never allow waiting to become a habit. Live your dreams and take risks. Life is happening.
Their growth is not your responsibility. Don't place that weight on yourself.
People don't deserve to be in your life by default. You don't have to tolerate those who mistreat you.
Honesty is a very expensive gift, don't expect it from emotionally cheap people.
Unfortunately, you cannot take everyone with you as you evolve and grow.
Keep yourself in mind when making decisions, it hurts when you betray yourself.
Allow nothing or no one to slow your pace or affect your energy.
A history of trauma can give you a high tolerance for emotional pain. Just because you can take it doesn't mean you have to.
I don't know how people can intentionally hurt someone they love. How do you sleep at night?
I love my people but when I want to be alone, I want to be alone.
If you're doing what you're supposed to do, you don't have many friends.
Forgive yourself for the choices your insecurity.
You've mastered survival mode. Now it's time to live.
One day the energy will be reciprocated without being requested and you won't feel so drained.
You are not weak for wanting to have someone in your life who wholesomely and wholeheartedly adores the entire heck out of you.
I couldn't be fake even if I tried. My facial expressions wouldn't allow it.
Bad news: you're growing and it's uncomfortable. Good news: it's uncomfortable but you're growing.
Check on your friends even the strong funny ones.
Travel. Your money will return. Your time won't.
Stop expecting you from other people.
When your intentions are pure, you don't lose anyone. People lose you.
God bless the woman that chases nobody, needs no validation and minds her own.
Home doesn't have a face. Home is a place where the heart can rest.
Be teachable. You're not always right.
He said he’s mesmerized by the way I’m learning to love myself because he’s discovering new parts of me to fall in love with.
What is your positive affirmation for today?
Your partner is a reflection of you. Invest wisely.
What you want isn't always what you need.
January 2020 was the longest year I’ve ever experienced in my life.
In the next decade may you find people you don't have to pretend with.
I want to kiss your soul in a way you will forget everyone else who has ever kissed your lips.
Unfortunately, you cannot take everyone with you as you evolve and grow, and that is okay.
Be the same person privately, publicly, and personally.
I believe in a love that is without demand and without stress. A love that is entirely natural and free-flowing.
Please do not dim that beautiful light that's inside of your soul for anyone. Ever.
If a man expects a woman to be an angel in his life, he must create heaven for her. Angels don't live in hell.
I love my people, but when I want to be alone, I want to be alone.
If you want a direct answer, ask a direct question.
At some point, you don't need any more advice or motivational quotes or clever sayings. You just need silence and a work ethic.
I'm honestly no longer interested in temporary moments. I need and want things to last.
Better days are coming; you won't always wake up in the morning with a heavy heart.
Things it’s never too late to do: forgive, apologize, love, change, be you.
Learn to accept an apology you'll never receive, let go, and move on.
I want a hug that lasts two minutes. No words, all body.
You attract what you are ready for.
Just because you lost me as a friend doesn't mean you gained me as an enemy. I still wanna see you eat, just not at my table.
If I ever told you I loved you, know that I meant it at the time, each time.
Spoiler alert: you will have to let go of your old story.
Don't be too hard on yourself. You're doing the best you can.
Please do not waste your 20's chasing after a relationship all to just end up romantically traumatized and trying to backtrack on your own personal dreams. Put yourself first; THIS is the time to do it.
If they truly love you, they will mention you in their prayers.
Note to self: You are loved, needed, and important.
Value anyone who supports you with nothing to gain.
Don't stop until you're proud of yourself.
You can't only love the desirable parts of a person; the neglected areas crave love too.
You still have plenty of time to figure things out.
Everything done with purpose, pure intent, through love, and in balance, reaps great reward.
When was the last time you prayed for someone else's success?
My goal is to get as close as possible to the person I envisioned myself evolving into when I was a child.
Thank God for healthy friendships that return.
The butterfly doesn't look back at the caterpillar in shame - just as you should not look back at your past in shame. Your past was a vital part of your transformation.
Personality always matters most, no matter how aesthetically pleasing you.
Feed your mind as often as you fill your stomach.
Imagine everything working out for you.
Love is buying me books.
Surround yourself with people who possess the ability to calm you with their presence alone.
Peace is achieved when you are alone. Happiness is acquired when you share that peace with others.
Having a great circle of women really improves your quality of life.
Sometimes your love is just beyond someone's current level of growth. Nobody's fault. Don't hurt yourself or them trying to force understanding. What is meant for you flows to you. What isn't finds its own path.
Nobody is entitled to your time. Don't feel guilty for taking time out to better yourself.
2020 is the year of recovery, detoxification, protecting spaces, spiritual solitude, and replenishing energy.
One day the energy will be reciprocated without being requested, and you won't feel so drained.
The best times I've ever had usually came after the phrase "F*** it, let's do it."
Regret is a soul killer. I hope you're regret, revenge, and grudge-free. I hope even more that you sleep peacefully at night.
Years spent searching outside of myself for answers that always resided inside.
Stay single until someone actually complements your life in a way that makes it and you better.
Keep it private until you know it's permanent.
Sometimes I just shut down and don't talk to anyone for days. It's nothing personal.
Nobody can teach you your power when your power is inside you.
Dear self, even on your worst days, you are okay.
To feel safe around someone's energy is a different kind of intimacy.
I'll never get tired of asking God to guide me.
It's okay to love people and not have them.
It wasn't meant for you. You're not missing out. Life has different plans for you.
If it's yours, it will find you.
Love hard, always, and when it's reciprocated, love harder.
As soon as you find a matured partner, you'll realize that there was nothing wrong with you.
People leave you out in the cold and then get mad when you learn how to get warm by yourself.
Don't mistake silence for weakness. Smart people don't plan big moves out loud.
Never trust your tongue when your heart is bitter or broken. Hush until you are healed.
You need to hang out with people who fit your future, not your history.
I isolate myself when I go through shit. Nothing personal, just need space.
Rule #1: Never tell people what you're doing until it's done.
No one is sent by accident to anyone.
One day you won’t have to say 'one day' and that day is coming.
Life goal: make people feel happy even during times when I feel sad.
First, understand you. Then, love you.
Your thoughts affect your health just as much as the food you eat.
My love language is leave me alone, but come close. You don’t have to understand it, it just is what it is.
Not everyone deserves your energy.
Go with your intuition more, that’s God talking to you.
Some people are like sunshine with a pulse.
People leave you out in the cold and then get mad when you learn how to get warm by your damn self.
If it’s yours, it will find you.
Romance doesn't need to be expensive, it just needs to be sentimental.
Too many of you can’t move in silence because you want applauses from an audience that doesn’t even care about you.
To feel safe around someone’s energy is a different kind of intimacy.
Let time tell you who to.
A long drive to nowhere is the best way to clear the mind.
Sometimes there is no support system - it’s just you and your.
When was the last time you prayed for someone else’s success?
Falling in love changes your destiny, forever.
Defend who you love in public.
Always listen to your intuition. It'll never fail.
The most beautiful people are those with passion in their eyes and strength in their soul.
Learn to accept an apology you’ll never receive, let go and move on.
Look at you, glowing with self-love and becoming a magnet to good vibrations. I'm proud of you.
Better days are coming; you won’t always wake up in the morning with a heavy heart.
Out of all of the souls I’ve fallen in love with, falling back in love with mine was the best decision I’ve ever.
Good friends tell you what you don’t want to hear.
We say actions speak louder than words. Somehow we still fall for words first.
OK universe I'm ready for the good things. Only good things.
Sending love to everyone who’s trying their best to heal from things that they don’t discuss.
When your intentions are pure you don’t lose anyone. People lose you.
You gotta be at peace with the fact you’re not for everybody.
Normalize saying no without feeling guilty and saying sorry.
Remember who checked on me when I was low.
Love should be gentle, patient and entirely free-flowing. If it ain’t that, it ain’t love.
You’re only crazy to people who can’t manipulate.
Relationships are investments, not hobbies. Date with a purpose.
24/48. If it still bothers you after 24 hours, speak up about it within 48. It'll change your life.
Heal and move on. You have things to do; you cannot sit in that dark place forever.
You can be healed and still hate what happened.
The “therapist friend” actually needs the [care].
Nobody ever talks about the pain of falling out with people you thought you’d eat with forever.
Love yourself enough to remove yourself from spaces where you are not valued or appreciated.
We never need to explain our choices.
Honestly just want to be better than the woman I was yesterday... day by day allowing myself to be my only competition.
Just want someone to buy me flowers.
'Did you eat' is a love language. Underrated intimacy. You don't understand care until someone really cares.
You will probably never remember the words you say in the heat of anger. But to the person receiving them, it might stay in them forever.
Take a slow breath, don't overthink.
Don't take people for granted. No matter how much they love you, people get tired eventually.
Love is letting go, I'm learning that.
Daily affirmation: If it's meant for me, bring me closer. If it's not, take it away.
It's weird how you can actually feel it in your chest and stomach when something really hurts your feelings.
Quit wasting your time on people who treat you good one day, then act like you don't even exist the next day.
My mom said, "stop being the 'go to' person for someone you can't go to." I felt that.
You deserve intimacy, to be held, hugged, and embraced by the arms of someone who values you.
You deserve to laugh so hard that it hurts.
Be a person someone can feel safe to say 'no' to.
There's magic in true friendship. We can't do it alone. We need to guide each other through our dark nights into the light of day.
Strong friendships are built on emotional intelligence, the ability to listen without judging, and the pull of a timeless bond.
Take care of yourself. Take care of others. Check in on your friends. In passing, ask to confirm the state of their mind. The weight of their spirit. We grow monsters from the thoughts we hide. Create spaces that promote healthy conversation. We are not invisible. People do feel.
Your comfort zone keeps the wrong people around you. Those next-level friendships or relationships will inspire and challenge you out of your comfort zone and into your higher potential and destiny.
For so long, you've broken yourself in half for friendships and relationships that don't leave you full. But don't you see that you are worthy of connections that don't require you to break in order to exist?
A friendship, relationship, or business partnership without loyalty and trust is destined to fail. When you don't have dependability, you have nothing.
Your realest friends will always tell you the truth, but it's up to you to choose what friends you want.
Every chance you get to check on your friends, do it.
People can only respect you to a level they understand themselves. Waiting for someone to 'catch up' is played out. You're either in focus or out of the frame. I'm at the age where time is luxury and showing up is the highest honor. You can't tip-toe friendships or force connections.
One thing about life, it will keep hitting you with the same lessons in cycles until you actually learn.
You know it's time to retreat, resurface, and heal when you don't even recognize yourself anymore.
Take all the time you need to retreat and heal. But please, when you do so, get back up and be effective.
None of the fears you have about speaking out on your depression is worth suffering in silence for. Be open to accepting help.
I wish the same good things for you that I wish for myself. Health, happiness, fulfillment, joy, companionship, security, hope, and love.
Praying is a form of self-care. It's really me vs me. Everything else is just unwarranted noise.
Nothing reaffirms your growth like watching yourself maintain your composure in the same situations you used to lose your cool over. What a complete embodiment of terminal calmness.
Avoiding conflict breeds resentment within. Stand in your truth, and then release it. Always base your decisions on how things will affect your peace. If the situation has negative undertones, walk away.
The most beautiful example of intimacy is devotedly evolving into who you are.
Everyone is coping with something they refuse to speak about; "Checking in" could mean the world to somebody.
Trust the inner voice that reminds you that you deserve better.
The person who reinforced your self-doubt was projecting. Release the weight of that inherited pain; it is not yours to carry.
Being easily accessible is the quickest way to disrupt your peace and serenity. Be mindful of who has proximity to you.
Rest is imperative. Don't allow this capitalistic society to guilt-trip you into prioritizing productivity over your mental health.
When choosing calm over conflict and detachment over mistreatment, be prepared to reside in solitude until you align with a healthier community. The peace you recently obtained requires new surroundings to flourish.
Dear Self, Please find your peace. And when you do so, do not allow anyone or anything to disturb it.
Here to remind you that slow healing is still healing. Don't be too hard on yourself.
Normalize starting over as many times as you need.
Repeat after me: I still have time to heal. I still have time to get it right. I still have time to attain my goals. I still have time to become successful. I still have time to do everything I intend on doing and becoming, and I'm certainly not running out of time.
Prioritize taking as much time as you need to retreat, heal, and get your mind right. Anything else can come secondary.
There's no better feeling than realizing you no longer reside in the same realm that you used to. Growth is so beautiful.
It's so important to remind yourself just how resilient you are, especially in the midst of battling your own demons. Self-assurance is key.
I find that nothing is ever truly worth losing yourself over. Character is so much easier kept than recovered. Stay intact, always.
Stepping into a healthy and positive life. Removing yourself from negative situations that do not concern you.
Clear out your phone before the year ends.
Delete conversations you no longer need, photos and videos that require effort and energy.
Some memories loop you in a pattern. Detach from hoarding moments that no longer serve your elevation.
Detach yourself from the expectations others have placed over you. You are only accountable for yourself and your efforts.
Be prepared to defend your inner peace. Even though it originally belongs in your possession, if not held firmly, it can be stolen from you at any given time.
Your mind is your sanctuary, a secret botanical with seeds full of future possibilities. There will be people who will purposely pick your petals to prevent growth. Build a fence and restrict entry to anyone who tries to overpower your boundaries.
If your peace has managed to slip through your fingers, relocating it may require a reintroduction. What does peace look like to you now, after having to fight for its return? Ask yourself this.
I found peace in knowing that I can't control whether people are honest with me or not, so as long as I remain truthful towards myself, I'll always be in the right hands.
Source the root cause behind your codependency and break the habit of placing yourself in secondary positions. Find the courage to prioritize yourself first.
Don't hesitate to remove yourself from environments where your ease is under threat. Regardless of who is causing a disturbance to your peace, always protect your space.
Do not "match energy" with anyone who is vibrating at a lower frequency than yourself. You worked too hard to allow others the satisfaction of dragging you back into harmful patterns.
Normalize "this bothers me" rather than "you should know what's wrong."
Normalize "I am willing to work on that" rather than "that's just how I am."
Normalize apologizing when you are wrong instead of getting defensive because you might feel embarrassed.
Normalize "this is what I need" rather than "I don't mind, whatever."
Normalize "I'm not okay and I need help" rather than "I'm fine" (when you're not).
Get yourself a best friend that will love you even when you don't love yourself, and that will stick by your side even if you make terrible decisions.
Does anybody else have that friend that you're pretty sure is your soulmate but in a friend way.
In this busy world, people who try to make you smile by sending you memes are the real ones.
Having a small circle is cool until your two friends are busy.
Do you ever realize how truly happy you are when you're singing in the car with your friends?
Stop putting so much effort into people who would rather lose you than admit they're wrong.
Stop breaking your own heart by trying to make something work that clearly isn't meant to work.
The worst battle I ever fought was between what I knew and what I felt.
People nowadays would rather lose you than fix the situation at hand.
Become more aware of what's worth your energy.
Sometimes you have to forget what you feel and remember what you deserve.
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and start being excited about what could go right.
When there are more tears than smiles, leave.
When it hurts more than it feels good, leave.
Loving them doesn't mean you have to stay, no matter what.
They don't have the right to destroy you just because you love them.
When there are more fights than jokes, leave.
When there's more misunderstanding than trying to understand each other, leave.
Stop expecting different from people who have shown you time and time again who they really are.
Stop wasting your time on people who treat you good one day, then act like you don't exist the next day.
Stop being okay with everything. You deserve to be treated right.
Stop shrinking yourself to fit places and people you've outgrown.
Stop hating yourself for everything you aren't and start appreciating yourself for all that you are.
Stop expecting loyalty from people who can't even give you honesty.
My friend group may be small but the people in it mean everything to me.
The best friendships are with the people you can be dumb af with and 5 minutes later you can be having an extremely deep conversation.
Having someone who is more excited about you than you are, is a blessing.
I need a food friend. Every Friday night, we go try a new restaurant.
I love remembering all the dumb stuff we've done together and thinking "that's why we're best friends."
Friends that understand your talkative and quiet phases without taking anything personally.
All lasting relationships include a lot of forgiveness. Truth is everybody is going to hurt you. You just gotta figure out who's worth the pain and who you want to grow and prosper with.
You're not supposed to win or lose arguments. You're supposed to reach a mutual understanding and agreement. Otherwise, you both lose.
Make sure you marry someone who makes you laugh when you're mad.
If someone sticks around and gives you time to change, that's more than love.
Mention someone that has never given up on you and thank them.
Have you ever noticed that sometimes when you stop making efforts, a relationship or friendship ends? It is because it was never two-sided, it was just you, alone.
If you repeatedly have to tell someone the same exact thing about how you feel and nothing changes, understand that they don't respect you.
I could be so attached and still leave you alone if you don't treat me right. I want you, I don't need you.
Please don't underestimate my ability to delete your number and act like I never met you.
Even the strongest feelings expire when ignored and taken for granted.
There are people in this world you haven't even met yet who are going to love you so much. So please just hold on because the people who are right for you will find you.
So what if instead of thinking about solving your whole life, you just think about adding additional good things. One at a time. Just let your pile of good things grow.
But the most beautiful things in life are not just things. They're people, and places, memories and pictures. They're feelings and moments and smiles and laughter.
Spend less time watching other people live their lives and spend more time enjoying your own.
I hope I never get tired of the night sky, of thunderstorms, of watching cream make galaxies in my coffee. I hope I never grow to be someone who can no longer see the small beautiful things.
Having a non-toxic, supportive, matured circle of friends is a blessing.
The ability to feel emotions so deeply is a blessing.
The lessons that made me stronger were a blessing.
Having the opportunity to know and love you is a blessing.
Maybe home is nothing but two arms holding you tight when you're at your worst.
Your relationship is meant to be your safe haven and happy place, not another battle you have to fight.
I want someone to look at me and say damn that's all mine, and just be so proud to have me.
Imagine you're busy with your study and work, but someone waits for you the whole day to talk to you. To ask you how your day was. Who shares everything with you. This is rare but this is love.
Have you ever looked at someone and hope they stay in your life forever?
Sometimes we try so hard to hide everything we're feeling from those who need to know our true feelings the most.
If you died today would you be satisfied with the last conversation you had with the people you love? Let that sink in.
No matter how scared you may be, if you love someone, tell them. Show them.
Always tell people how important they are to you. While you still can.
People will notice the change in your attitude towards them, but won't notice it's their behavior that made you change.
Notice the people who make an effort to stay in your life.
Notice how people change when they don't get what they want from you.
A tip for mental health: learn to distinguish who deserves an explanation, who deserves one answer, and who deserves absolutely nothing.
People will come back into your life after they get disappointed by people they thought were better than you.
People don't abandon people they love. They abandon people they were using or they needed for their own gain.
People are going to talk about you, no matter what you do. So you might as well do whatever brings you joy and live your best life.
Take more pictures. Always say I love you. Never go to bed mad. Jump first, think second. Love harder. Love deeper. Life is too short.
Get in loser we're healing and falling in love with life again.
I am such a "look at the sky," "look at the sunset," "let's stay in the car to listen to the rest of the song" type of person.
In the end we only regret the chances we didn't take, the relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
I just wanna be around good energy. Connect with good people. Learn new things. Grow.
The older I get, the more I realize I don't want to be around drama, conflict, or stress. I just want a cozy home, good food, and to be surrounded by happy people.
We're adults and busy. No reason to be in constant contact with you to prove my friendship to you. Just know when and if you need me, I'm here for you.
I'm at the stage in my life where I don't wanna be crazy in love anymore. I wanna be calm in love, patient in love, happy in love, and understood in love.
Growing up I realize the value of privacy, of cultivating your circle and only letting certain people in. You can be open, honest, and real while understanding not everyone deserves a seat at the table of your life.
Adulting is when you realize all you want is a home, stable job, and a partner to settle down with.
You either say how you feel and mess it up or say nothing and let it mess you up instead.
I respect someone who is vocal. Tell me why you're into me. Tell me why I pissed you off and tell me how I can fix it. Tell me everything. Talk.
I like direct. I like blunt. I like when things are made clear and straight to the point.
I have a terrible habit of leaving things unsaid for the sake of peace.
I found the person I never want to stop making memories with.
I found the person I want to spend the rest of my life loving.
I found the person I can be my truest self with.
I found the person who makes me want to be better and do better.
But things work out, you know? Even if it doesn't feel okay for a long time, or even if it feels like things will never be okay again, everything works out in the end.
If there's even a slight chance at getting something that will make you happy, risk it. Life's too short and happiness is too rare.
What a wonderful thought it is that some of the best days of our lives haven't happened yet.
It's a beautiful thing to have lungs that allow you to breathe air and legs that allow you to climb mountains, and it's a shame that sometimes we don't realize that that's enough.
Now close your eyes and please understand that you are still young, and the universe is endless, and somehow everything will be okay.
I hope when love introduces itself to you, you'll be ready. I hope that you'll recognize it. I hope that it lasts.
I hope you quit overthinking, replaying failed scenarios, feeding self-doubt, and seeing the good in everyone but yourself. You deserve more.
I hope you find it, whatever you're looking for. And I hope it's everything you dreamed your life could be and so much more.
I hope you find someone who matches your passion and efforts. Someone who values and loves you wholeheartedly.
I really hope everyone finds the right circle of friends and the right partner. Life is already hard, relationships should be the least of our worries.
I hope that today nothing stops you from being happy.
People who bring out the magic and goodness in you. Keep them close.
People who make you feel better about yourself when you're sad are so important.
People who love you wouldn't put themselves in a position to lose you.
I hope your life is much more full of "I can't believe I did this" rather than "I should've done it."
I want to have the type of energy that no matter where I go, or where I am, I always add value to the spaces and lives of those around me.
"What will people say?" This sentence has killed more dreams than anything else in the world.
Beauty is in the way you hold yourself. It's how you treat people. The way you love. It's self-acceptance. Beauty is in your soul.
If you found out you were dying would you be nicer, love more, try something new? Well, you are.
We all deserve someone who at the end of the day says: "I'm glad you're here."
We all deserve someone who at the end of the day says: "I missed you so much."
We all deserve someone who at the end of the day says: "You make me feel safe."
We all deserve someone who at the end of the day says: "I love you."
We all deserve someone who at the end of the day says: "Seeing you made my day better."
There's a difference between a person who hurts you by making a mistake, and a person who hurts you by continuing a pattern. Mistakes can be forgiven. Patterns should be broken.
I was toxic to some, I was a blessing to others. Some I healed, others I hurt. I'm willing to admit that I wasn't always right.
I am an overly emotional unemotional, clingy but distant, private person who likes to overshare at any moment.
My mental state is: if you give me a long hug I might start crying.
My mental state is: looking fine on the outside but falling apart on the inside.
My mental state is: isolating myself so I don't drain the happiness of those around me (even when I know my friends would be there for me).
Sometimes the worst enemy is your own memory, let that shit go.
Some days I wish I could go back in life. Not to change anything, but to feel a few things twice.
Not friends, not enemies, just strangers with some memories.
You're not too sensitive. You're not overreacting. If it hurts you, it hurts you.
Never be ashamed of how much you love, or how quickly you fall. Love fully, love completely, but most importantly love naturally - and don't you ever apologize for it. Don't ever be sorry for loving the way your heart knows.
When you have a heart of gold and pure intentions, you don't lose anyone - they lose you.
When you choose healing over toxicity it can get pretty lonely, but I have to keep choosing what's for me and remembering I chose this path.
Understand this, you can sound confident and have anxiety. You can look healthy but feel like shit. You can look happy and be miserable. So be kind, because every person is fighting a battle you know nothing about.
Anxiety fucking sucks. You unintentionally make yourself sad, you feel alone even when you're not, and sometimes you don't even know what's wrong.
Having anxiety and depression is like being scared and tired at the same time. It's the fear of failure but no urge to be productive. It's wanting friends but hate socializing. It's wanting to be alone but not wanting to be lonely. It's caring about everything then caring about nothing. It's feeling everything at once then feeling paralyzingly numb.
I don't think people understand how stressful it is to explain what's going on in your head when you don't even understand it yourself.
You fall in love with the little things about someone, like the sound of their laughter and the way their smile forms.
Once you find your person there's nobody else you want.
A person who values you would never put themselves in a position to lose you.
The reality is none of us are easy to be with. We all suffer from something. So when you meet someone who's willing to stay committed to understanding you and actually wants to grow with you. Don't let lame stuff like ego and pride ruin it.
Don't miss out on something that could be great just because it could also be difficult.
A person in two months can make you feel what a person in two years couldn't. Time means nothing, character does.
No one wants to hear this, but truth be told... a long-lasting relationship comes with a lot of forgiveness and understanding. You have to accept the fact that your partner isn't perfect and will hurt you, disappoint you, upset you.
A relationship isn't always 50/50. Some days your person will struggle. You suck it up and pick up that 80/20 because they need you. That's love.
We often want it so badly that we ruin it before it begins. Overthinking, fantasizing, imagining, expecting, worrying, doubting. Just let it naturally evolve.
If there's one thing you should do, it's to stop being a paradox.
You say you want to be happy, yet you allow yourself to be surrounded by negative people.
You say it's time for a change, but things stay exactly the way they always were.
You say you can't believe they did that to you, but still won't stand up for yourself.
Now, I am telling you, it's time.
It's time to be exactly the person you've always wanted to be.
It's time to take control, because my goodness, you deserve it.
I think one of my favorite feelings is laughing with someone and realizing halfway through how much you enjoy them and their existence.
A beautiful feeling, when someone tells you "I wish I knew you earlier."
I like those people you can joke around and have so much fun with and then have a deep conversation and it's not weird at all.
Do you ever just crave someone's presence? Like you would literally be happy sitting next to them in silence.
I think it's the best thing when someone's presence automatically puts you in a better mood.
I've been thinking a lot lately about taking chances, and how it's really just about overcoming fear. Because the truth is, every time you take a big risk in your life, no matter how it ends, you're always glad you took it.
It's risky. It's scary. It could all fall apart, yes. But what if it all falls together?
Take chances, take a lot of them. Because honestly, no matter where you end up and with whom, it always ends up the way it should be. Your mistakes make you who you are. You learn and grow with each choice you make. Everything is worth it. Say how you feel, always. Be you, and be okay with it.
Stop thinking so hard about everything. Stop overanalyzing. Just go. Just do. If it feels right, go with the flow. If it feels wrong, don't think about it anymore and walk away.
You're right, it might not work out. Most things don't. But that doesn't mean you shouldn't try. Because if it does, your entire world can change.
I hope you're doing things for yourself. Other people won't remember your choices thirty years in the future. You're the one who has to live with them.
May you never become so familiar with pain that you reject anything good that tries to find you.
It hasn't been easy. It's actually been really tough. But look at you, moving forward and still giving it your best. I'm so proud of you for how hard you're trying.
Have patience with yourself. Nobody ever got better overnight. You'll get wherever you need to be in time. For now, remember that every day that you survive is a step forward, and you have survived many tough days that you thought you wouldn't pass. Keep going.
Always leave people better than you found them. Hug the hurt. Kiss the broken. Befriend the lost. Love the lonely.
Someday we'll forget the hurt, the reason we cried and who caused us pain.
We will finally realize that the secret to being free is not revenge but letting things unfold in their own way and own time.
After all, what matters is not the first, but the last chapter of our life.
So smile, laugh, forgive, believe, and love all over again.
Nothing is more satisfying than reaching that level of self-love so that when someone walks out of your life, you let them.
It's important to keep your feelings and your self-worth in different places because when feelings get hurt it shouldn't change how you view yourself.
Trust yourself. You've survived a lot, and you'll survive whatever is coming.
You know who's gonna give you everything? Yourself.
I'm not searching for my other half because I'm not a half.
I love you, that means I’m not just here for the pretty parts and the happy days. I’m here for the rough and the bad days. I’m here no matter what.
You ever liked someone so much that nobody else is attractive to you?
Find someone who still knows how to talk to you when they’re angry. Someone who respects you in all mind states.
You deserve someone who texts you boring little details of their day just so they have a reason to talk to you.
I’m literally falling in love with you more and more every single day.
Stuck between "kinda wanna date someone" but "kinda never wanna risk getting my heart broken again."
Stuck between seeing them for who I want them to be and deep down knowing who they actually are.
Stuck between "if it's meant to be, it will be" and "if you want it, go get it."
Stuck between "I wanna love someone" and "I'm better off single."
Maybe home is nothing but two arms holding you tight when you’re at your worst.
I want someone to look at me and say damn that’s all mine, and just be so proud to have me.
Imagine you’re busy with your study and work, but someone waits for you the whole day to talk to you. To ask you how your day was. Who shares everything with you. This is rare but this is love.
It's kinda cool how someone can just pop into your life all of a sudden and become so important to you within a small amount of time.
You ever hang out with your friends and laugh so hard and get lost in the moment so much that you completely forget all your life problems? Those are the moments I live for.
My best friend said “you’re the first person I think of when I want to share my happiness” and brb, crying because our energy just matches so well.
No matter what happens between us - if at any point I loved you, then I always will. And if you need me, I mean truly need me, I'm always here for you.
Dear best friend, you’re one of the best things that’s ever happened to me. I love you, and I don’t want to lose you. Because my life has been better since the day I found you.
Never disrespect the person who was there for you at your worst.
Never disrespect the person that made sure you were okay when nobody else did.
Never disrespect the person who stayed even when you tried to push them away.
Never disrespect the person who knows all of your sides and continues loving you.
I hate the feeling of holding yourself back from texting or calling someone, when that’s all you want to do.
I once loved someone so much, that I tried to fix them while they were breaking me.
I don't cry over people, I cry over the way I get treated because I don’t deserve that.
Cut them off silently, they know exactly what they did.
Sometimes I’m glad we didn’t work out, you really didn’t deserve me.
I think it's time I let you go. And that's so hard to do because some part of me still loves you. But the daydreaming, the running in place, it's not healthy. So this is me, cutting the cord. This is me doing what I should have done months ago: saying goodbye.
I'm at the age where the only closure I need is knowing I deserve better.
Never settle for anyone who isn't absolutely, insanely, and foolishly happy to be with you.
It happens to everyone as they grow up. You find out who you are and what you want, and then you realize that people you've known forever don't see things the way you do. So you keep the wonderful memories, but find yourself moving on.
You don't realize how poorly you've been treated in the past until someone comes along and treats you the way you should have been treated all along.
One conversation could fix so many things. Just by listening and being honest. But some people always think you are trying to argue instead of trying to communicate. That you’re trying to break things instead of fixing them. Those people are not worth the emotional stress and bravery it takes to open yourself up and be vulnerable. But don't let them keep you from opening up to those who are.
We all deserve to be loved and chosen and not just considered as an option.
We all deserve someone who, especially on the bad days, reminds us that we're not hard to love.
We all deserve someone who at the end of the day says: "I missed you so much today."
We all deserve more than forced pointless convos and no replies.
We all deserve something we don't have to question, someone who is sure about us.
We all deserve the best. Let's not settle for average or good enough or any scraps of love we can get.
Normalize "I am willing to work on that" instead of "that's just how I am."
Normalize "this bothers me" instead of "you should know what's wrong."
Normalize apologizing after you were wrong instead of getting defensive because you might feel embarrassed.
Normalize "this is what I need" instead of "I don't mind, whatever."
Normalize "I'm not okay and I need help" instead of "I'm fine" (when you're not).
Does anybody else have that friend that you’re pretty sure is your soulmate but in a friend way.
Get yourself a best friend that will love you even when you don’t love yourself, and that will stick by your side even if you make terrible decisions.
In this busy world people who try to make you smile by sending you memes are the real ones.
Do you ever realize how truly happy you are when you’re singing in the car with your friends?
I love remembering all the dumb stuff we’ve done together and thinking “that’s why we’re best friends.”
Friends that understand your talkative and quiet phases without taking anything personally
You’re not supposed to win or lose arguments. You’re supposed to reach a mutual understanding and agreement. Otherwise, you both lose.
Make sure you marry someone who makes you laugh when you’re mad.
If someone sticks around and gives you time to change, that’s more than love.
If you repeatedly have to tell someone the same exact thing about how you feel and nothing changes, understand that they don’t respect you.
I could be so attached and still leave you alone if you don’t treat me right. I want you, I don’t need you.
Please don’t underestimate my ability to delete your number and act like I never met you.
People will notice the change in your attitude towards them, but won't notice it's their behaviour that made you change.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, the relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
The older I get, the more I realize I don't want to be around drama, conflict, or stress. I just want a cozy home, good food, and be surrounded by happy people.
We’re adults and busy. No reason to be in constant contact with you to prove my friendship to you. Just know when and if you need me, I’m here for you.
I’m at the stage in my life where I don’t wanna be crazy in love anymore. I wanna be calm in love, patient in love, happy in love, and understood in love.
Adulting is when you realize all you want is a home, a stable job, and a partner to settle down with.
I respect someone who is vocal. Tell me why you’re into me. Tell me why I pissed you off and tell me how I can fix it. Tell me everything. Talk.
I am an overly emotional unemotional clingy but distant private person who likes to overshare at any moment.
You’re not too sensitive. You’re not overreacting. If it hurts you, it hurts you.
Having anxiety and depression is like being scared and tired at the same time. It's the fear of failure but no urge to be productive. It's wanting friends but hating socializing. It's wanting to be alone but not wanting to be lonely. It's caring about everything then caring about nothing. It's feeling everything at once then feeling paralyzingly numb.
The reality is none of us are easy to be with. We all suffer from something. So when you meet someone who’s willing to stay committed to understanding you and actually wants to grow with you, don’t let lame stuff like ego and pride ruin it.
A person in two months can make you feel what a person in two years couldn’t. Time means nothing, character does.
No one wants to hear this, but truth be told...a long-lasting relationship comes with a lot of forgiveness and understanding. You have to accept the fact that your partner isn’t perfect and will hurt you, disappoint you, upset you.
A relationship isn’t always 50/50. Some days your person will struggle. You suck it up and pick up that 80/20 because they need you. That’s love.
Do you ever just crave someone’s presence? Like you would literally be happy sitting next to them in silence.
I hate the feeling of holding yourself back from texting or calling someone when that’s all you want to do.
I once loved someone so much that I tried to fix them while they were breaking me.
I don't cry over people, I cry over the way I get treated because I don't deserve that.
Stuck between "I really want to talk to you" and "I really need to get over you."
Stuck between "I don't want to feel that type of hurt again" but "I want to feel that type of love again."
I wonder whose arms I would run and fall into if I were drunk in a room with everyone I have ever loved.
It's all about who you look for in a crowded room. That's where your heart belongs to.
I don't know what I'm more afraid of: to see you again or to never see you again.
I don't regret you but sometimes I wish I had walked away at the start and left things at hello.
Please communicate to me when I've done something that bothers you or you don't understand. Let me apologize and LEARN.
I don't know who needs to hear this but having uncomfortable conversations will save your relationships.
Clear communication so you don't mess with each other's feelings and don't waste each other's time is a game changer.
You don't even need to ask, I got you.
Isn't it cute that you literally tell your best friend everything like no embarrassment, no shame, nothing hidden. That's a proper best friend.
When you can't look on the bright side, I will sit with you in the dark.
A strong friendship doesn't need daily conversations. And doesn't always need togetherness. As long as the friendship lives in the heart, true friends will never part.
I don't know who needs to hear this but they were never going to change. You did the right thing.
I don't know who needs to hear this, but let them lose you, they had enough chances.
I don't know who needs to hear this but you don't always have to tell your side of the story. Time will.
I don't know who needs to hear this but you've been the bigger, kinder and more understanding person long enough. Stand up for yourself.
If you miss someone who does not miss you
or who is not good for you, or unattainable,
take all the love you once felt for them and spread it around other places.
Put your love in worthwhile people and things.
Turn the romance into passions for hobbies or admiration for others.
Enrich your own life.
Focus on yourself and those who actively make you happy.
If you both want it, it will work.
A break from someone will either make you realize how much you truly miss/love them, or how much peace you have without them.
Someone being patient with you is one of the softest forms of love.
One conversation could fix so many things.
Just by listening and being honest.
But some people always think you are trying to argue instead of trying to communicate.
That you're trying to break things instead of fixing them.
Those people are not worth the emotional stress and bravery it takes to open yourself up and be vulnerable. But don't let them keep you from opening up to those who are.
I am such a "look at the sky", "look at the sunset", "let's stay in the car to listen to the rest of the song" type of person.
Anxiety is difficult. It unintentionally makes you sad, and you feel alone even when you're not. Sometimes, you don't even know what's wrong.
Once you find your person, there's nobody else you want.
A person in two months can make you feel what a person in two years couldn't. Time means nothing; character does.
A beautiful feeling is when someone tells you "I wish I knew you earlier."
I like those people you can joke around and have so much fun with and then have a deep conversation, and it's not weird at all.
You're right; it might not work out. Most things don't. But that doesn't mean you shouldn't try. Because if it does, your entire world can change.
Forgive yourself for the days that you didn’t know your worth.
You don't always have to be doing something. You can just be, and that's plenty.
If you become quiet, alone, and still long enough, a higher-vibrational and more empowered you comes out. Solitude is sacred.
Be a person someone can feel safe to say ‘no’ to.
Meditate on this phrase: "I don't want anything that doesn't want me."
One good year can change your whole life.
If you are happy, you will really bother unhappy people.
No matter how good your heart is, eventually you have to start treating people how they treat you.
I am slowly learning that love is meant to bring peace, nurture, and heal.
It's healthy to want love, but don't lose yourself trying to force relationships with people who don't value you.
God removes people from your life because He heard conversations that you didn't hear.
Stop sabotaging yourself when a good thing finds you. You deserve it. Believe that.
Do not disturb the peace of others if you're at war with yourself.
Uncomfortable feelings are just waiting for you to give them love.
You're always going to be too much for people who don't do much.
Finally, I realized that I was never asking for too much; I was just asking the wrong person.
When do you know it's over? When someone stops trying, or worse, when trying no longer works.
Accept the fact that you will grow apart from people you've had significant relationships with.
Understand when someone no longer positively affects your life. Let them go. Don't hinder your growth.
People who check on you and love you no matter which point you are in your life, keep them around.
Before you speak, ask yourself: is it kind, is it necessary, is it true, does it improve on the silence?
You can't control other people, but you can control the energy you give to them.
Fall in love with a genuinely good person. Nothing is better than a pure heart.
When you are not getting what you need from a relationship, your body will tell you.
Energy transfers are real, and that is why you have to be extremely mindful of your interactions.
I am going to make a very beautiful life for myself no matter what it takes.
Please do not lower the bar of your standards for the sake of having someone in your life.
I'd rather ask for nothing than ask anything from someone who makes me feel like I ask for too much.
If there's one thing I regret about my early twenties, it's that I spent too much energy being angry at people for doing exactly what I knew they would do.
Pray you stay soft in a world with people who do everything in their power to make you hard.
Can we please stop associating being a good person with how much you're willing to suffer in silence for other people?
When you heal, you go from wanting to be chosen to doing the choosing.
May you successfully recover from all friendships and relationships you had to move on from.
"If you're doing what you're supposed to do, you don't have many friends." - Pops
Are you just living day to day? Things will change, and will you change with them.
You will disappoint some people when you prioritize your self-care.
Just because I've collected scars doesn't mean I've surrendered my strength.
Dvgsk because living in confrontation doesn't mean I'm weak in conviction.
Quick because being open-minded doesn't mean I don't know what I desire.
Just because I don't ask for much doesn't mean I'll settle for less.
"Just because I've experienced darkness doesn't mean I won't spread sunshine everywhere I go.
Least because I want to share a table with someone in life doesn't mean I'll covet a seat.
Because I prioritize my peace doesn't mean I'll be subtle about what I want in life.
Go outside. It may not solve everything, but it'll make you feel better.
If we don't tell people how we feel, how will they know?
Stop acting surprised when good things happen to you. You're a good person, and you deserve it.
I would rather adjust my life to your absence than adjust my boundaries to accommodate your disrespect.
I really pray everyone finds the right circle of friends and the right partner. Life is already hard; relationships should be the least of our worries.
A therapist said if you self-isolate when overwhelmed, you probably had to solve a lot of your problems alone as a child.
Friends that understand your anti-social phases are important.
Being called sensitive for reacting to disrespect is manipulation at its finest.
Everybody will show you who they are; just give them time.
Invest in your bedroom; that place is really your sanctuary.
I heard a message this morning: You can't wait until life isn't hard anymore to be happy.
Having friendships of 10+ years is beautiful; we've really watched each other grow up without realizing it.
Stop acting surprised when good things happen to you; you're a good person, and you deserve it.
We don't talk enough about the anticipatory grief of watching your parents age.
Dating someone who can stay kind even during fights is extremely important.
You don't realize how messed up somebody treated you until you explain it to somebody else.
Date someone who knows how to communicate and still be respectful in disagreements.
I love when I realize I'm handling a situation better than my old self would have.
Nothing is as beautiful as seeing someone who has been unlucky in relationships finally being loved effortlessly by the right person.
All this good is entering your life, and it's happening because you decided to choose yourself.
I hope you find someone who speaks your language so you don't have to spend a lifetime translating your spirit.
If you love people, let them be happy, even if that means you are not a part of that happiness.
If the routine no longer serves you, you must alter the pattern. What are you waiting for? Your life starts with...
Forgive myself for viewing someone's lack of reciprocation as a challenge to convince them of my worth.
Really enjoying my privacy these days... don't care to be seen, heard, or to prove any points... just living and elevating in silence and peace.
Not to spoil the ending, but everything works out for you.
A simple "I'm sorry you're right, I can see why you would feel that way" could go a long way. Put your pride aside for once.
I want to be 10 years deep into a relationship still going on dates, still getting flowers, enjoying quality time together, etc.
I love a "I can talk to you about anything and not feel judged" type of vibe.
Some people talk about you because they lost the privilege to talk to you.
It's not necessary to overreact to everything you notice.
Mistreating people then avoiding communication is not protecting your peace; it's avoiding accountability.
Imagine someone learning your love language just to treat you right and make you feel loved properly.
Accepting people leaving instead of trying to make them stay is a game-changer for your mental health.
Someone rejecting you is the universe protecting you.
The moment your gut says no, it's a no. You can unpack the details later.
You didn't become selfish; you became harder to manipulate. Don't confuse the two.
Please do not let anyone take the peace that you have worked so hard to create.
You will meet people who will teach you love in its safest and purest form.
Healing includes so much random crying. Let it out.
This day is dark. He wasn't giving you space during the argument; he said nothing and left because he didn't give a damn about what you were feeling.
I'm at an age where silence...
Somebody once told me, "You never get what you deserve, only what you negotiate," and that really changed my life.
If you desire something specific, don't flirt with the lower quality version of it. Be stubborn about it.
You've done enough watering. It's time to be the garden for once.
Stop saying it's okay if it's not okay. Don't silence the parts of you that still feel discomfort. Don't suppress your emotions that are a result of their actions for the sake of keeping the peace. If you are still bothered, there is no peace. That's a form of self-neglect.
Why your therapist isn't going to solve your problems.
Maya Angelou said when things don't go as planned, when the results are unfavorable, when rejection happens, say "thank you." Something better has to be on its way to you. Stand in gratitude.
The more you love yourself, the more you'll detach from the things that don't love you.
I'm begging y'all to stop settling for partners who aren't loving you the way you want to be loved. It doesn't mean they're a bad person; they're just not your person.
Sometimes growth requires new company, new locations, and new mindsets.
This day is dark. You do things you don't want to out of loneliness. Their warm body is never enough to chase the cold away. Lyingis someone who wants to be chosen by the right person.
A gentle reminder: Do not let your empathy for others drain you to the point that you no longer have the capacity to show up for yourself.`